With economies around the world grinding to a halt due to the pandemic, we take a look at the Coronavirus’ impact on the US economy. https://hubs.ly/H0nN8Lv0 # dvphilippines # leadingyouforward
Folks need to realise that if people return to work before that curve is flattened, the economy's going to collapse anyway... just later and more deeply. It's a false choice. Don't let anyone, even POTUS, force you into it.
another thought is that I get York U has gone through strikes before, but again, I beg everyone to consider that this is a world-wide pandemic that has disrupted our private lives, the economy, the health care system (list goes on..)
“The Economy” is no longer connected to actual human life in the United States, it seems. Well, the human lives of non-rich people, anyway. # COVIDー19 # FlattenTheCurve # SpatialDistancinghttps://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …
China’s manufacturing and economy will sky rocket after this pandemic is over. They’ve global power over the rest of the world. Manufacturing stays in China and out of the hands of Trump.
And that is called HYPERINFLATION & that is VERY BAD for an economy, both in the short & long terms. When more money is created, you dollar has less worth & things cost more. Instead of watching Grian & the next episode of Hermitcraft, you should be studying the Weimar Republic.
You missed one. Jim Cramer took a break from fingering his soundboard to suggest we sacrifice the peasants to preserve capital. It's almost like the economy relies on the labor of workingclass people, not the Cramer's of the world lol. pic.twitter.com/rK8obxJgeg
So lots of folks dying is great for the economy? I didn’t catch that in Econ 101.
"Cant have an economy if everyone's dead" doesnt really sound that unreasonable to me
ah though a clever plan, reopen the economy, every other country closes their border to the US and he claims won on immigration … a few million deaths, what’s that ??
Buddy you don't think losing FOUR TIMES the total number of US soldiers ever killed during s war over 12-18 months won't devastate the economy? We're talking death on a scale no one alive today has EVER seen in this country.
Bullshit! Trudeau is using this pandemic to seize unrestricted power over our money, Trump is not. One leader fucked tax dollars away virtue signaling and pandering to the UN, the other built up his economy. One leader now needs dictatorial power to run things, the other does not https://twitter.com/CBCKatie/status/1242108949735882754 …
The breakout of the collapse is here, as CBA Flash # PMI craters # economy. # business # jobs https://www.macrobusiness.com.au/2020/03/cba-flash-pmi-craters/ …pic.twitter.com/76Jf1AwKYe
Yeah, do you understand how an economy works? Do a little history and look up the Great Depression to see.
We need to focus our efforts on protecting those at high risk, especially those in thier 80s with underlying conditions. 61,000 people died from Flu in 2017/18 in US per CDC and we did not shut down our economy. We can do two things at once. Lets # getbacktowork
No one serious wants the economy shut down indefinitely. We wanted to protect it long term by making the hard decision early.
Just ask yourself a simple question. Would you be okay with opening up the economy if it increased the coronavirus risk to your family by even 20%.
I say Fox newsers in Red States, thank you for getting out & supporting the economy! Don't let the pandemic spread concerns, hoax, bring down tRump. Thoughts & Prayers
And economy might bring a revolution.
For the trump administration a mortality rate of .7 % its ok its not 5% like we thought ( his words today). The economy is more important then the peasants who work.
If people wonder what's going on in his head: 1. He's MORE than p****d about this effing virus. It's destroying his beloved economy, kills the stock exchange & threatens his ratings & reelection chances. 2. Boing, Boing, Boing. 3. More infections & deaths? Who the hell cares?!?!
The economy is vital to 330m Americans putting food in their mouths.
The press conference today was ridiculous. He REALLY thinks this is all going to be OK in 2 weeks and life goes on as before. He spoke more about the economy and money than anything else. He’s willing to let A LOT of people die as long as the economy recovers before the election
ehhh it's stupid! yes the economy will suffer, that is a given. but right now the important thing is to get the infections down!
Yes they are hell bent to destroy the American economy on the backs of all American people.Democrats,Republicans,independents and Socialists. Black,White and all others they do not care who they destroy to get rid of Trump
“....but we’ve got hundreds of millions of people, you understand? We could probably stand to thin the herd a little, ok? I can’t afford to let a few dead bodies stop me from thinking about the economy “
Why don't we just take all your money and assets and use that to hold up the economy, then, Lloyd? If it's so important, you can't complain!
Exactly, if I've said it once I've it 100 times he cares about the stockmarket and the economy
The economy will get worse if 2 million die from the plague, you goon.
Hey Dotard @ realDonaldTrump chew on this for awhile. President Obama would have already kicked this Corona's ass, paid the medical bills off and resuscitated the US economy in the time it's taken your dumb ass to figure out what a "Pamona Pyrus" even means.
"Nancy, if we can just make this crisis bad enough, Trump will do anything to get the economy started again," "I know Chuck, you're rich and so am I so we can make it. Screw the workers."
Today, the provincial government of British Columbia made an important announcement of a $5 billion action plan to combat COVID-19 and help address immediate needs in the B.C. economy. https://news.gov.bc.ca/releases/2020PREM0013-000545 …
Tried to take credit for the economy that was already rolling strong when you got it, Thanks to Pres. Obama, all the sudden here is the truth serum on your legacy, seem to always run whatever you touch into the bankruptcy dirt,,wtg genius,,du-huh
yeah i think it's safe to say our entire town is fucked economically 60% of our economy is tourism btw LMAO https://twitter.com/ewnewsbahamas/status/1242234088888496129 …
Ridiculous. I was just told in my Texas county to shelter in place. I’ll shelter wherever I damn well please. No doubt things are serious, that doesn’t mean we have to destroy the entire economy it took centuries to build. Back to work in a week. High risk Should stay home.
Still listening to the President. As I suspected his premise appears to be let everyone get infected. Treat the worst off and if they die, they die. In other words, Whatever Happens To The American Citizen, Happens. It's the Economy Stupid. # WhiteHouseBriefing # COVID19
After watching the # whitehousePressconference, I feel the need to remind @ realDonaldTrump that he took an oath to defend us from all enemies, foreign and domestic. He called the virus an enemy. He took an oath to defend us from it. He took no oath to Wall Street or the economy!
@ NYGovCuomo @ CAgovernor both NYC n California represent largest % of the economy. Stand strong against the @ VP 15day plan to end isolation n social distance. If NYC n CA resist, @ realDonaldTrump can't move forward. Social distance is key to save us
"Life is fragile; economy is fragile." - Donald Trump 3/23/20
The doctors aren’t elected. This shutdown cannot go without end. Economy would be destroyed along with the lives of the citizens. The resultant chaos would be beyond imaginable.
The US economy is in a self-imposed death spiral, millions of US workers will be laid off this week & # Democrats want to exploit a crisis with no remorse. Email & message your Senators to vote for Cloture to proceed with debate. @ PattyMurray @ SenatorCantwellhttps://twitter.com/KimStrassel/status/1242233803583545344 …
The 'Rona making the economy scream am I right fellas?
The economy isn't just "some people making money". Its millions of peoples livelihoods. You don't think crashing an economy will cost lives? How will healthcare get paid for when there is 30% unemployment? How will police get funded?
Rambling on and on,tremendous, great, economy, people say, people tell me.........
The president is an idiot pure &simple. He has no medical training, WILL NOT LISTEN OR TAKE WISE ADVICE. He wants to get the economy back up so he can get elected again. Senate trying to ram rod bill thru for big corporations only. Save yourselves he is. https://twitter.com/JoyAnnReid/status/1242234313443291141 …
So then you should think we should shut down the economy during flu season then. Why are people that die from the flu any less important than those dying from the corona virus?
Before a decision becomes valid, it's first weighed & reconsidered it's impact to economy, & public becoz they is a possibility not to have immediate solution after 32days. What more will be done ?
Compare this to “let’s reopen our economy now” https://twitter.com/NPRinskeep/status/1242234615693217800 …
I get that lockdown is bad for the economy and I'm no economist but I feel like 8 million Americans dying would also be bad for the economy?
Noooooooo. Not my global debt-based economy!!! https://twitter.com/llchristyll/status/1241819764579852288 …
He will relax the medical protocols that have been mandated in favor of saving economy. He doesn't understand the compounding of numbers. Why should he? He has bankrupted six times.
He does not care if we die. So many of his policies result in people suffering &/or dying. It appears he does not care except if the economy is harmed. The people should go back to work even if at risk so the Dow goes up.
Slate: Sending People Back to Work Now Will Not Save the Economy. It Will Doom It.. https://slate.com/business/2020/03/trump-economy-reopen-coronavirus.html … via @ GoogleNews
Thank you Mr. President for calling off social distancing and end of stopping corona. Economy is essential for your re election so damned be dead American as long as Boeing flourishes doing disastrous design and shady workmanship, trash in fuel tanks etc. Economy Stupid!
And we shut down the world economy for this?? Really ,the weakest new virus ever?? Totally the media's fault....
I think its going to be April 6th. Still may be too little too late. There must be a strong economy to drive the health if a nation forward. DeWhine and that “never Trumper” Amy Acton have been wretched. Close Columbus! Cuyahoga County! Any hot spot. But not entire state, parks
Pelosi allotted a trillion dollars 2 themselves during trial; based on a bogus gun study They aren't tring 2 study it; they r trying 2 force con fiscation! THEY USE SCAMS 2 CHEAT US OUT OF TAXPAYERS MONEY! THEY WANT 2 COLLAPSE R ECONOMY & FORCE MARTIAL LAW! ANOTHER VENEZULIA!
Trump on whether Dr. Fauci agrees with his push to reopen the economy: "He doesn't not agree." Trump likes being on TV a lot. https://twitter.com/anniekarni/status/1242237857428910081 …
Lives are fragile. The economy is fragile. # BothSides
Rallying around the flag has a short lease hence why Trump is trying to force the economy jumpstart.
His message now is clear,the economy is more important, we will have four and a half more years of that after DNC rigged the primary again for a corporate insane unfit corrupt ex VP.
Read the full thread of the straight up business killing socialist bull crap the Dems used to block the # CoronavirusPandemic relief bill. Again, they knew this wasn’t going to pass. That was never the goal. The goal was stopping the bill and further harming the economy. # rememberhttps://twitter.com/SenTomCotton/status/1242169734763819011 …
Trump wants a strong economy for a second term. He'll let us all die. The dead can't vote. # unfollowTrumphttps://twitter.com/ArthurGoodfell3/status/1242209377433550854 …
You know i just realized something. My country currency peg to the US dollar 1 to 1. If the US economy crashes, then mines too.
Pullman goes on to say that very often our society chooses to allow deaths because the alternative is worse. Meghan McCain has accused Democrats of supportanting infanticide. Her hubs runs a rag with an op/ed that basically says to save the economy its ok to let some folks die.
You can tell he’s not willing to go longer than 15 days. Glad he mentioned depression of economy and people and how it’s worse than the virus.
Am I really seeing rhetoric about ending social distancing and sheltering in place so that we can restart the economy. Is money really more important than human life?
Pelosi & Dems Block $1.8 Trillion Stimulus That Would Provide Lifeline to Families, Economy https://flagandcross.com/pelosi-dems-block-1-8-trillion-stimulus-that-would-provide-lifeline-to-families-economy/ …
Boris Johnson has finally got it albeit late. Trump is still in denial, waffling about the economy reopening in a few days and miracle cures.
Again, Trump's incompetence has left him with no outs. Him choosing the desperate, utterly baseless choice of "Allow more people to die and hope the economy starts to rebound, which it won't because virus will be rampant and we don't have an antiviral or vaccine" is 100% Trump. https://twitter.com/AndyGlockner/status/1242156210721148930 …
The only title Justin has earned is "Inmate Trudeau". He should be in prison. SNC Lavalin & countless other. An incompetent boob became PM only on a name, ruined our economy well before the coronavirus, even Warren Buffet, a Democrat will not invest in Cda.
I hope Pelosi's bill does not pass. Her bill would be as devastating to the economy as the Corona virus is. https://twitter.com/KimStrassel/status/1242190276120039424 …
While you are mouthing off your fearless leader is going to "REOPEN" the country so the stock market will go back up and he can run on the economy. The hell with the thousands of people who could die because of this virus. So is Arkansans okay with the virus spreading there?
My business clients can't sustain a shut down. No revenues coming in to keep the doors open. People are being layed off. We have to be allowed to reopen. This is a drastic overreach by various governments without looking at the entire picture of economy and health.
I can’t believe we have people, real honest to goodness people able to drive and go on dates and everything, that are saying we must choose between massive casualties and the economy.
Donald Trump Signals He Might Sacrifice Thousands of Americans to Restart the Economy https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/03/donald-trump-signals-he-might-sacrifice-thousands-of-americans-to-restart-the-economy/ … # SmartNews
India is shutting down the whole country. That'll be devastating to the economy.
He’s wants to save the economy with the life’s of the america people. Many will die he doesn’t care about you.
I say Fox newsers in Red States, thank you for getting out & supporting the economy! Don't let the pandemic spread concerns, hoax, bring down tRump. Thoughts & Prayers https://twitter.com/JRubinBlogger/status/1242235194926608389 …
Is it??? Be ause after a 40% drop we are STILL where we were in Obama's economy. I'll take that any day considering the entire world is shut down.
Remember how all those people voted for Trump because he would appoint conservative judges who would work to overturn Roe v. Wade because of the sanctity of life? When Trump talks about "reopening the economy" even if millions will die, does that bother them?
No idea why he'd think that when the government did nothing but put its people before the economy..oh hang on a minute.
Yes it will but he seems to be fine with it. Isn't there any law that he is breaking putting lives in danger on purpose? All to try to move economy?
Finally, our economy has a huge debt problem - let me emphasize, HUGE DEBT PROBLEM (see PE). If the economy isn’t running again... how big this problem is will come to light. There’s a lot of billionaires & bankers who want this problem to remain in the dark. (Part 3)
I don’t mind being insulted. I just want the small business owners helped. I want it for me and for others. The economy will collapse. That is frightening
You don't tank an economy due to the most narcassistic generation ever. Boomers are at risk then Boomers should stay home. Fuck the fake hysteria and fuck the Boomers. Time to ignore the quarantine and get the world back # revolt # BoomerRemover # ourturn # COVIDActNow
@ LeeChatfield @ GovWhitmer my family and I will abide by the orders, but the solution is not quarantining 100% percent of the state without a plan to reopen the economy when this virus only seriously impacts around 15% of the population. We need a better plan! https://twitter.com/LeeChatfield/status/1242213245068414977 …
How your president made his money is beyond me... he is one thick human being! I’m British, and I love the way he says things and does them, unlike our government. But his really shown the US in a crisis what his about. The economy is worth more than life to him
Uhhh 1200 for one time for everyone to restart the economy while all this boils over? Uhhhhhhh yeaaaaa naaaahhhh
Trumps says we learned "a lot" & "we can do two things at once" Yeah sure the virus is spreading but the economy & wallstreet is more important so we need to get people back to work in "weeks". He owns this now 100% # TrumpVirus # TrumpPlague # TrumpLiesAmericansDie # TrumpRecession
To which the GOP will reply, "WHY DO YOU HATE THE ECONOMY?!?!?!" because they're very honest.
It doesn’t have to be an either / or. We can restart our economy close to full but adapt our social engagements... wear masks, isolate the sick / elderly longer, etc... # CoronaDDayhttps://twitter.com/baseballcrank/status/1242238572993880064 …
I think it's just too soon to discuss loosening restrictions. Maybe it will be sooner than three months. Let's see what relief packages do to blunt the effect at home. God knows about global economy.
The economy is what keeps us alive. Without it we would starve to death.
And with the callous indifference all the "So some people will die, we need to protect the economy" and the "Yes, you lost your job but rent is still due on the first" stuff going on...
Hospitals can barely function at the current pace and Trump thinks less-stringent public health efforts will somehow fix the economy sksksks pic.twitter.com/XExmuxZL40
Hey leftists by wanting the government to implement martial law and kill the economy, u made Trump look good. https://twitter.com/PpollingNumbers/status/1242150860399968257 …
I'm not sure when exactly we have to do this, but we do and for multiple reasons. Long term, we need her immunity to beat this. We need more people working on an antiviral for this. We also, but not exclusively, need an economy that is capable of supporting this effort.
Yep! Let all the “Trump is choosing the economy over peoples lives” tweets begin. They are snakes!!
I get that the economy is in the shitter and will only get worse if we shut down everythingggg and everyone is on lockdown but that’s the only way this thing will truly get better. Trump can keep dreaming
This is called stimulating the economy but I’m sure u no nothing about. Did u know it only goes to those that make 75000 or less. I bet not.
(Heard thru Wayward Vegan Cafe’s instagram post: https://www.instagram.com/p/B-FhGGpphvg/?igshid=1oja87c1w8zxf … ) # SmallBusinesses # SeattleCOVID19 # CoronavirusPandemic # economy # saverestaurants
You'll think I'm not saying much, but @ realDonaldTrump's press conference is *insane*. For the sake of the economy and his "numbers", he's signalling the fight against Covid19 is essentially won. My guess is he's setting up to run against his own govt to win re-election.
Y’all think this stimulus bill really gonna help the economy? I want y’all thoughts on this as well! # StimulusPackage2020 # COVIDActNow # StayHome
When was he Ever concerned about the economy except filling his own pockets? https://twitter.com/FrankFigliuzzi1/status/1242233236324888576 …
Question. What can have a faster recovery? The economy? Or a dead person?
Business Mogul Steve Madden: Trump Is Clueless On The Economy | The Beat... https://youtu.be/VbVsGxXMTi4 via @ YouTube
How much more important is one life over another and who gets to decide this? What is the amount that we sacrifice the economy (and thus human life) in exchange for more time to develop a solution to Corona (thus saving human life)?
Trump weighs restarting economy despite warnings from U.S. public health officials https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-signals-growing-weariness-with-social-distancing-and-other-steps-advocated-by-health-officials/2020/03/23/0920ea0a-6cfc-11ea-a3ec-70d7479d83f0_story.html …
A Collapsed economy would kill multiples more by starvation than the virus. We have never shut down everything overnight before an none of you know if we can recover from such. Ohio yesterday, Mich. today. more coming. We must open asap safely.
*inhales deeply* If I may be serious about the current state of things. I'm seeing reports in that "to keep the economy going" they're considering forcing the "least vulnerable" to work
True. However, the economy, and realities of saving/expenses/cost of living/etc have all completely evolved over those same decades. So, while the advice is sound, the implementation is not necessarily feasible for all.
Apologies, I did mean bosses as in the companies themselves not their line managers here in Ireland! Understandable to be fair. If there was international agreement on closing tax loopholes on major tech firms etc, the US economy would no doubt be the greatest benefactor.
He’s betting on being right to win the election. If we “open for business” and he loosens restrictions and the infections level off and pass without catastrophe and the economy comes back...he’ll win. If he loses...well we’ve all seen the graphs. It’s his hailmary.
You don't need to choose the economy; you need to ensure there's a viable route to some sort of economic recovery when this is over. That might lead to some choices which seem counter-intuitive, but it will be finely balanced and timing is key.
I don’t even really know what “saving the economy” means or what “the economy” is but I will die for it!!!!!!!
Well, see, instead of spending all that money boosting the economy, we should have been socking that money away and using our credit cards instead.
I get it that these people are nervous about crashing the economy straight into a severe depression, but at this point if they want to relax social distancing and other lockdown rules, they are basically asking for sacrificial lambs to keep the economy chugging. https://twitter.com/Khanoisseur/status/1242239031716581376 …
I'm not good at code but do you mean "balancing citizens health vs protecting "our" economy really translates to "get out there to your 2 or 3 jobs you peasants so we can continue "our income inequality? Before the peasants realize they are the economy.
An economy can come back to life. A person cannot.
He cares more about being able to tout his booming economy so he can try to get re-elected then American people’s lives I hate this man. I hope this backfires 1000xs https://twitter.com/tonyposnanski/status/1242222039169208326 …
So now Pence is saying it's okay to go back to work just wear a mask. Well first of all where are the masks and 2nd they care more about the economy then the American people. https://www.politicususa.com/2020/03/23/jared-kushner-is-telling-trump-that-the-coronavirus-isnt-that-bad.html …
If I wasnt watching I wouldn't believe it. I just don't know. We have over 15k cases in NY. And the numbers keep going up. And all he can think about re opening because it looks bad for the economy. I get that he dont want the economy to crash Fine But lots will die because this
When he made the stupid,oh we drive in cars even tho there are accidents, so why should the economy suffer bc of some virus, analogy..that was it for me! I wish I had the words to express my RAGE! (always following resisters, sorry)
Birx needs to be truthful and too bad if he doesn't like it! He only cares about the economy and the elevator!
a failing economy
# Bitcoin # StopTheSpread # coronavirus # stopsreadcovid19 # Acceptbitcoin for delivery or anything on floor no need to manipulate cash or machine just your own phone it would save life and economy no more # coronavirus
TURN THE ECONOMY BACK ON! # TurnItBackOn!
The economy is wrecked already. Get used to it. Viruses don't care about economies. The only answer now is socialism. Capitalism has failed.
Lets see how good your head in a basket is for the economy you literal monster
They are with no economy people lives will crumble to shits we gotta stop and resume our lives just practice good hygiene
If your average citizen has trouble accessing basic resources your ability to contribute to the global economy is minimal. They’re not less important as people but your economic situation isn’t 1st class
Translation: it is ok if hundreds of thousands of people die as long as the economy continues to work properly. Let me tell you that there’s no economy without people. So this would be very incoherent, like everything you say.
trump is the mayor in Jaws who wants to reopen the beach at all costs. Social distancing is painful, but, I dread what will come if trump has his way and reopens the economy. https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-fauci-warns-against-ending-containment-to-re-start-economy-2020-3?utmSource=twitter&utmContent=referral&utmTerm=topbar&referrer=twitter …
talking about his hoax economy again already realty will not enter my brain
Nothing stabilizes an economy like an uncontrolled pandemic ravaging the population!
Small and medium business are the backbones' of every economy around the world. If you get a chance, support them in any way you can.
The original new deal was a successful reaction to the worst economy in history . So it would seem smart to make A GREEN NEW DEAL in reaction to bullshit stock market . But yes go awf kill people or kill people and be rich https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …
So in an effort to save the economy "people" were floating the idea of giving families an amount equivalent to one secret service agent's room for one night at a Trump property? ...and that's gonna prevent economic disaster?
Same day voter registration?? How does that help the economy and people out of work? Nancy needs to resign !!!
That's precisely the point. Why not give them enough money to make a difference and prevent the economy from completely crashing? One $1200 payment won't even make a single mortgage payment for most people. Unemployment is skyrocketing.
AND if the governors shutting down the economy is effective, then Trump is going to claim it actually wasn’t effective because nobody died and it wasn’t needed in the first place. It’s all part of his screwed up plan for reelection .
well president motherfucker you can either take this shit show of an economy and not overwhelm our health care infrastructure or you can be personally responsible for thousands of American deaths every day you massive piece of shit either way you’re fucked https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …
This is about Deflection. He wants to shift the blame. Put it on the states. Take no blame the Economy tanks.
# Coronavirus will have an unprecedented and lasting effect on the commercial real estate industry, and economy as a whole. Join me asking # Congress to help property managers, owners, and tenants recover from COVID-19 https://actnow.io/Yn7ScIR pic.twitter.com/wiqiOiTdcT
outrageous as if pandemic will not also destroy the economy long term # Covid19WarInTrumpsHeadhttps://twitter.com/matthewamiller/status/1242238081723518976 …
Democrats WANT to tank the economy. # WakeUpAmerica
I say Fox newsers in Red States, thank you for getting out & supporting the economy! Don't let the pandemic spread concerns, hoax, bring down tRump. Thoughts & Prayers
. @ RepAdamSmith # Coronavirus will have an unprecedented and lasting effect on the commercial real estate industry, and economy as a whole. Please provide aid to allow commercial real estate to recover from # COVID-19 # CRE
States beg for coronavirus help while Fed tries to shield economy - Reuters https://apple.news/Ac7BhhfNnTiG814KIySZZ7w …
. @ PattyMurray # Coronavirus will have an unprecedented and lasting effect on the commercial real estate industry, and economy as a whole. Please provide aid to allow commercial real estate to recover from # COVID-19 # CRE
because restoring economy is more improving than beating the virus. he thinks he can bully us out of this. he will fail at both
. @ SenatorCantwell # Coronavirus will have an unprecedented and lasting effect on the commercial real estate industry, and economy as a whole. Please provide aid to allow commercial real estate to recover from # COVID-19 # CRE
I think the lockdown is overkill I believe the President is more anxious than the Dems to reopen the economy Use better hygiene habits in the workplace and get back to work
Good luck restarting the economy once the body count starts rising. I’m sure Jamie Dimon & David Solomon will be the first ones in the office.
People die when the economy goes under, that's why. People die when companies close and people lose health insurance. Don't be thick about this.
*Trump is going to ensure a slow drain on the economy by doing it this way. The virus won’t go away until a vaccine is ready. Normal life will be fucked up for more than a year......we will be the ONLY country in the world to be doing it this way. Very typical. Profit over people
This crisis is going to permanently increase the use of telehealth across the entire medical sector of our economy. Things are permanently changed now (for the better.) Capitalism is a powerful and efficient tool that forces positive change.
"People will get over death faster than a bad economy" - Trump
I really feel sorry for POTUS. He is trying so hard to make this country great while putting up with revenge driven BS from the DemocRats for past 3 yrs & now this virus. Once again despicable parasites play politics at the expense of people's lives, livelihoods & the US economy.
Is it possible that shutting down the economy could kill more people then this virus?
It’s obvious the # CorruptRepublicanParty wants to try and salvage the economy no matter how many of us it kills.
Trump advisor Larry Kudlow admits he was wrong about coronavirus being ‘contained’ https://www.cnbc.com/2020/03/23/coronavirus-kudlow-admits-he-was-wrong-about-disease-being-contained.html …? Kudlow is known widely as the man who is always wrong. He has a long record of being wrong, about almost everything. Most especially anything to do with the economy.
....but yet he says we are opening the economy?
The audacity of the @ BarackObama to claim credit for the improvement in the USA economy is a direct contradiction to his “magic wand” comment. Really? @ BarackObama how about speaking the truth cause after being POTUS you owe the Democrats nothing.https://twitter.com/RealJamesWoods/status/1229477465489166338 …
in my country, all of garment worker still need to go to work otherwise our economy won't survive
Those electricians, carpenters and masons made a lot of money from the buildings I have created. Real estate is one of the main driving forces of the economy. These trades are grateful for landlords. Your points can’t even support themselves.
After the quarantine we will be lucky to have an economy, but it’s cute how you guys are planning for summer.
Yep..... Trump is setting it up! Iff’n y’all think that the cure could be worse then the problem! If we overload our healthcare our economy will be worse then the Great Depression. Common sense has left these people! Imagine if we lose 1+million people in 3 months?
If the President said it was time to put America back to work a year from now they would scream people are dying. The economy is going to destroy our families far mire then this virus ever will.
Dont Give In Democratic Congress! They want you to vote on the side of Trumps economy and billionaire corporations! Do Not Give In To That!
What about the freaking flu that has much higher number of deaths! So we all stop living? Omg you call yourself a doctor? These numbers are still low! This is demonrats trying to crash the economy!
1/5th of the US requiring hospitalization will also damage the economy. Expect many to self-eliminate from the workforce anyway. There really isn’t a “save the economy, go back to work” lever POTUS can pull here.
"Trump's main motivation for wanting to restart parts of the US economy stemmed from his concern over how economic decline would hurt his reelection prospects in November." https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-fauci-warns-against-ending-containment-to-re-start-economy-2020-3?amp …
Only the minimum at first, slowly more after that as we lower the curve. It’s really a lesser of 2 evils here. People quickly cite the medical # s, which are horrible but fail to address the atrocities of a collapsed economy - often much worse.
Trump is an embarrassing inexperienced selfish short term transactionalist. He’s furiously calling business leaders to ask if he should end the quarantine & hides behind the economy when it’s convenient. Prematurely ending the quarantine will further rile markets. # BlueBlueBlue
@ ezraklein wants the economy to yank just to hurt @ POTUS. Don’t listen to a word he says
In the US in 2018, 36,560 people died from traffic crashes, we didn't ban vehicles or prevent people from traveling. Or crash the economy. Just sayin. # FlattenTheCurveNotTheEconomy https://www.ntsb.gov/investigations/data/SiteAssets/Pages/Data_Stats/US-Transportation-Fatalities-2018.pdf …
[TABLE] ASX gold names have rallied this morning - the yellow metal surged by the most since 2009 overnight after the Fed unveiled a second wave of initiatives to help support the US economy including an unlimited bond buying program # ausbizpic.twitter.com/79M2C5hmtZ
You are black and white when the truth is lots of grey. We are working feverishly as a nation to limit dr’s from having to make life/death decisions but newsflash pal, it’s a virus and death is inevitable. You don’t crash the economy for an avg age of death in the 80’s.
# TehranNancy & her cohorts are willing to let people die & destroy our economy/country for political games. THEIR paychecks are not in jeopardy. They are using the # WuhanVirusMadeInChina to try and take out Trump. So, fuck it. Let's all go back to work.
If the economy is doing well then the need for people like Piglosi becomes moot. They *need* the economy to be bad because it creates *needy* people. Can't have people earning their way and thinking for themselves....ooooh NO!
Ok, I have another question. What can have a faster recovery? The economy? Or a dead person?
Of course you all would say that Joe, you all are part of the anti-democratic party and forces, that don't care about the American dream, our economy, freedoms and democracy! You all are sad, the enemy of the world, state and people! We all pray you educate yourselves!
Trump only cares about the economy so he can be re-elected. That is his only focus. Doesn’t care about the potential deaths health and safety of our nation.
He is thinking "If the economy goes bad I don't have a chance of a 2nd term. That is all he is thinking about.
Higher death tolls then necessary and a collapse of the medical system will surely do wonders for the economy. Again SK tested, isolated and got to a point they can now pivot. When we get there then discuss easing. Not now.
Sick people want to get better. Healthcare workers want the right supplies. Everyone else wants their job back. Who do you think all these people work for? CORPORATIONS. If the companies die, the jobs go away, and the economy dies. But that’s what you want, isn’t it?
The Democrats in Congress led by AOC have reached a whole new low. How many suicides will be on them after our economy tanks. Stop the games and pass the bill without the crap. Vote the Dems out.
The 1% that drives conservative wisdom figures they'll be protected because of their money. So yes, they are more worried about the economy than public health. They are absolutely willing to kill the 99% to save their wealth. This is class warfare.
This is how the corona numbers are as low as they are in the US. Can't have the people thinking about their safety when we need to boost our economy.
Lol. Here in the US, Trump says it’s time to get back to work! Can’t let the economy suffer anymore! Who cares how many people get infected and die, can’t let the economy suffer. We’re doomed.
This lunatic is thinking about his poll numbers and being re-elected. Had he not always tooted his own horn about the economy that was already in good shape when he took office all he had to was not F it up. He wouldn’t have to worry about that right now. Smdh
just wait governor it will spread in all the counties including the counties in nw why arent you fully aware of the future. are you afraid to tell the truth because our economy is tourist based. i believe most of the tourists have left
Hey. I can help stimulate the economy somewhere other than my hometown.
And all Trump cares about is the stupid economy!!! https://twitter.com/ProudSocialist/status/1241985003958849537 …
These are things that @ SpeakerPelosi and @ SenSchumer thought were more important to add to the Bill than to give Americans Immediate relief. Instead they deliberately sabotaged it so they can hurt the economy and control our relief. Remember? # QUIDPROQUO # Ukraine # IMPEACHMENT https://twitter.com/WorldAvenger17/status/1242236838783283200 …pic.twitter.com/n4TtM8IzXc
Idiot Trump Considering Restarting U.S. Economy Against Warnings From Public Health Officials https://flip.it/SttHer
Hair Trump: how many dead people is okay versus how bad the economy gets until they blame me in November
reality is Trump never did anything except the intl travel restrictions anyway so mostly out of his control. he can try to get his economy back where he wants it without California but it won't work
Seems like the dems urgency for the impeachment of trump doesnt extend to the covid 19 pain that working people and the economy of our country are suffering under.
My read is that Trump is trying to get a $2 trillion stimulus and then open the country up . People will die, but the economy will be great. His bet is that fewer Trumpsters die. https://twitter.com/davidaxelrod/status/1242237314228613121 …
Today we saw an arrogant asshole lead a cadre of sycophantic assholes advocate for the Economy over the lives of millions of Americans. I wish I had something wise or witty to say. We're on our own out here.
Doctors aren't economists....their knowledge tends to be a mile deep and a foot wide. If it is the difference of a 1% mortality rate and an immolated economy or a 5% rate and a functional economy, I'll take the latter 7 days a week and twice on Sunday.
Trump chose the economy over American lives. This is unreal. # whitehousePressconference
Thing is, you can open everything up again and people won’t go. All our banquets cancelled weeks before state was shut down. Just because you open businesses again doesn’t mean people will come. Well ok, the MAGA idiots will come, but that’s not enough to sustain economy anyway
You know we can make a new economy but we can't bring people back from the dead, right?
The U.S. Shut Down Its Economy. Here’s What Needs to Happen in Order to Restart. https://nyti.ms/3bbYofw
I have an idea. Everyone who wants to stop social distancing can be quarantined to one part of the country, so when they all start getting sick, they can fight over resources. Without health care providers. But hey, maybe they'll fix the economy!
We should take medical advice from a guy that crushed the world economy in 2008?
Dr. Fauci said in an interview, “So, there's a compromise. If you knock down the economy completely and disrupt infrastructure, you may be causing health issues, unintended consequences, for people who need to be able to get to places and can't. You do the best you can."
None of this will even come CLOSE to replacing our jobs, businesses and livelihoods. TURN THE ECONOMY BACK ON!
Just look at the numbers ..it’s clear that it’s time to get the economy restarted sooner than later.
THE ECONOMY IS GOING TO COLLAPSE REGARDLESS of if we do these difficult things now or not. The only difference is the number of people who will DIE. (And that number could be in the millions.) (And it will include people you know.) # COVIDchat
Y'all should be journalizing bout the collapse of the world economy eh? How capitalism failed biggly. How socialism will needed to put everything right side up..then vilified.
Macron, Boris, Merkel, Trudeau ... everyone else is petrified of what is to come. Trump is projecting calm, discussing an acceptable level of deaths, contrasting with downside for economy. Seems COMPLETELY INSANE and NOT SUSTAINABLE in face of mass death.
Trump is between a rock and a hard spot and doesn’t know what to do. He knows his re-election chances go up in smoke if the economy crashes and yet the health crisis is real and is revealing his crisis management incompetence. He will behave like a drunk driver from day to day.
Matters not. However indirectly you got through. The country and the economy MUST open back up ASAP.
“I find it acceptable for millions of people to be sacrificed to this pandemic for the not-at-all guaranteed chance that our economy comes out of it slightly better, because I care more about capitalism than human beings.” https://twitter.com/matthewjdowd/status/1242199897769676800 …
@ realDonaldTrump. I’m praying for you, I definitely wouldn’t want to have to make the decisions you have to make. On one hand is stay-at-home to control the virus and pulling in the opposite direction is the negative impact it’s having on the economy.
All I read is we should continue to squander in an entirely fucked up economy where basics can't be met for most. I couldn't care less if some midwesterner couldn't open up a 3rd location of his restaurant because people NEED more money.
Well it sounds like the WH wants to make companies happy and stop isolating people which in return is gonna destroy economy worse and lengthen the virus and hurt our hospitals
But to give workers a voice in the big decisions that define how the economy works was on the list . Looks like this economy is going to need a lot of defining . https://twitter.com/rortybomb/status/1242231269213245440 …
True, but he will have to do a massive shift back to safety once the coronavirus begin to affect the US hard. Like @ LindseyGrahamSC said, the economy will not function as long as TV news keep showing overcrowded hospitals full of people dying.
You don’t know that we aren’t already “going to be Italy”. That’s the whole point.... It is insanely dangerous to do the type of lasting damage you would do to the economy by shutting everything down 4 months, without considering the “point of diminishing returns” on quarantine
His economy Trumps ppl’s health
He only cares about the economy, not facts and certainly not human life. If the economy tanks it jeopardises his chances in November. And that is all he is concerned with.
Still have to pick a topic for seminar,,, in this economy? I don't think so.
Hard to launder money in a stalled economy I guess
What do you think hundreds of thousands of deaths and millions of hospitalizations does to the economy? What happens when a city loses half its electrical engineers due to viral spread? You cannot reason your way out of this. You want thousands to die to soften the blow for you
So JR not being in business yourself you know it all to keep our economy afloat? Hard decisions are being made & some of us may suffer as a consequence, but what is the greater good here? Let’s work for good outcomes for both. You just keep on fingerpointing, you’re good at that
the economy is in freefall, who cares lol, if you can swing it you deserve to be happy!!!!!!
This would be another stupid move by @ realdonaldtrump . Could it be possible to just suspend market trading for a couple of weeks? The economy will come back. We shouldn’t have a “health of population vs economy” debate on the table for a dunce like Trump to mess up.
1. He's high 2. He's posturing to loosen restrictions just when we should be strengthening them. 3. He's worried more about the economy than people's lives. 4. He is spreading lies and misinformation. 5. He's NOT listening to the doctors. 6. He's HIGHER THAN A FUCKING KITE! 7.
My governor won’t care. We have the fifth largest economy in the world. He won’t endanger us.
NO!!! They think the Dems will give more stuff!! Our economy has taken such a hit, Trump will unleash mucho$$$$
Tank the economy and ruin ordinary people’s lives because orange man bad. These are the same people who voted for McClellan in 1864 https://twitter.com/nataliejohnsonn/status/1242084631337459714 …
He might want to open the U. S. economy but who is he going to work with when all other countries are shut down. Also they are not going to want anyone traveling from the U.S. coming their way. We will be a walking time bomb reintroducing the virus.
# DeathByDemocrat # DemocratsAreDangerous # ChineseCoronaVirus # COVID19 killing people, but # Democrats are holding # CoronaReliefFund hostage to THEIR far # left agenda to destroy @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump economy. This is # Demonic destruction of # WeThePeople # WalkAway # VoteRedhttps://twitter.com/RyanAFournier/status/1242227245495783427 …
The pandemic has to be dealt with. This doesn't mean we can't talk about restoring the economy.
Economy over health. Hmm. Anybody ever had a job when their dead? Asking for my friend in ICU. https://twitter.com/wsvn/status/1242197548141547520 …
The # British # UK Government is injecting £Billions in to the economy at 0.1% interest through # HighStreetBanks. These robbing bastards then trying to resell their debt to the vulnerable at a "typical" # APR of 17.9% or more. To quote a # Geordie phrase: # TheBuggersWantsHingin
Larry Kudlow Makes The 'Die Quickly So We Can Restart The Economy' Argument For Trump https://crooksandliars.com/2020/03/larry-kudlow-makes-die-quickly-so-we-can …
Kate - haven’t you noticed all you “arguments” (sponsored shills) have evaporated as collective, state action is the only thing keeping a currently dead economy alive. “The Market” yet again proved conclusively to be brittle, fragile and prone to total systemic failure.
I second to your statement. # USA is late by 2 months to respond and control # COVID19. Now, thinking that things will be back to normal in 2 weeks is not more than a wishful thinking. Stay home! Once it's over, we need to rework on d rock bottom economy https://twitter.com/aantonop/status/1242225839342866432 …
I feel bad they are doing this to Joe Biden at this point. He clearly isn’t healthy enough to run the worlds largest economy. What happens if Joe can’t make it? Who gets his delegates? # Trump2020 # Q # QAnon pic.twitter.com/B5nsg9Ju9u
Canada.. please dont stay home and let him wreck your economy like dr fauci is doing to ours. Live your lives support each other, and only stay home if your sick. im gonna need 2 jobs when this is over. Just to play catch up.
FOR WHO is right. There is no protecting the economy without protecting the health of all Americans. That’s it. https://twitter.com/janellecj/status/1242220291801088005 …
This is not triage. Trump is proposing opening up the economy and relaxing social distancing. It isn’t triage - it’s survival of the fittest.
Having a moderate meltdown because Tr*mp is going to get my immunocompromised ass k*lled by corona for the sake of the economy. What a fun fucking time for me.
We don’t trust you with a $500 billion slush fund administered by Mnuchin to businesses he deems will best help the country. WE DONT TRUST THE GOP. How did that GOP tax bill work out for the economy?! It didn’t. # SupportSchumer # SupportDems
I’m ordering Chinese food tomorrow. Support the economy, fight racism and quarantine all in one!
Nope. The economy is real. Stop smoking the stink.
According to Trump's thinking, sending people back to work is a win-win for his "greatest economy in the world" platform because dead people don't factor into the unemployment numbers. Get it?
How much time and money have I wasted preparing my little family to stay home to be told by Trump he values the economy more? I’m so angry.
I’ve got a fisical stimulus package that I need to slam into your economy
Trump says there will be more "death" keeping economy shut than letting coronavirus spread. WOW.
If this administration was proactive and began social isolation practices early, accepted testing equipment from the WHO, etc. the U. S. economy would not taking a major hit. Elect a clown, expect a circus.
I’m NOT saying the economy is not important but you CAN’T put economy above health, welfare, public trust and quality of life. You’re trying to put a roof on a home before ensuring foundation is firm! # TrumpPressConference # Coronavirus # wallstreetb4mainstreet
He knows that. He chooses stock market over lives. He needs to boast about the economy to win the election. He needs to win the election to stay out of jail. Yeah he’ll Open the doors & it will backfire on him.
He owns the economy.
Everyone Wants – No, Demands – a Bailout Now -- my article for @ crushthestreet https://crushthestreet.com/articles/everyone-wants-no-demands-a-bailout-now … $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # coronavirus # economy # bailout # bailouts
It is definitely true that more urgently than anything we need direct support for workers. And many businesses will feel some relief when workers' incomes are being protected as much as possible. There's a lot we can do to mitigate the pain even as the economy needs to slow down. https://twitter.com/ProfJAParker/status/1242236681866153984 …
Why is Trump responsible for the economy? The economy was just fine until the # COVIDー19 He had nothing to do with that. So whose crying?
I wonder for those that don’t agree with them if they don’t have a tv?! Have they not seen China or Italy?! China is 8 weeks in and just starting to see the light and they had a full shut down. Its just common sense. There will be no economy if so many get sick and/or die! pic.twitter.com/dDRXEJYVY1
Trump says U.S. “was not built to be shut down,” as coronavirus hurts economy https://newscommentarypodcast.com/trump-says-u-s-was-not-built-to-be-shut-down-as-coronavirus-hurts-economy/ … # CBS # Malliardpic.twitter.com/JA2MueyW18
Employment has been artificially inflated for decades due to low wages and the gig economy. Large corporate interests don’t need protection, they’ve been hoarding profits for years. Write policy for the people.
That's not the argument at all. You're creating an entirely new context. The main argument stated that Puerto Rico doesn't contribute to the US economy, which has been proven false. The uniqueness of Puerto Rico is something entirely separate.
US,economy in the black with trillion dollar deficits ! Yikes!Now Trump is going to borrow trillions on top of trillions. Party hardy.
Especially when NHS staff are working without the correct safety equipment. Shameful really in 5th richest economy in the world. Discusting, actually.
He’s going to get people killed and he does not care ... economy first. # TrumpLiesAmericansDie
You are doing good work Mike. One of the few actual reporters out there. There are freak outs in every direction. It’s a dizzying yo-yo. The virus is legit but a collapsed economy is worse. Not that hard when you freakin REPORT.
I’m honestly prepared to do this till July or longer. El presidente wants economy to start up again. $ vs deaths. I’m no expert but Wuhan did this for 8 weeks plus
"But," Trump continues, "death is a price we have to be willing to pay in order to save our economy."
He called Utah a country. Barr was crying inside. Trump wants to do both things now as long as everyone goes back to work! Economy more important! Stay at home bad, go to work good. Well you really messed things up again didn't ya Spanky! pic.twitter.com/dXrz4Qv4SP
@ realDonaldTrump You have no idea what you are talking about! God help us all, you only value the economy over people! It’ll take something horrible happening to your family for you to get how serious this is, you are DANGEROUS and IRRESPONSIBLE
I'll wear a hazmat suit to work if this virus is that bad rather than destroy our economy, jobs, business.
ICYMI @ latimes Canadians think @ realDonaldTrump @ GOP @ PeterMacKay @ stephenharper & all HIS recycled Gov't @ CPC_HQ @ Jkenney @ Alberta_UCP are a bunch of......Worst CDN economy in 70 years We back @ JustinTrudeau CLIMATE ACTION # ClimateChange # TeamTrudeaupic.twitter.com/xEENoyCg8V
Trump is just straight up lying about the mortality rate and once # COVID19 increases in the U.S. and Hospitals are overrun NO ONE gets treated for anything. Beds will fill and mortality rate will blow up.Then we get real unrest and panic rip economy # whitehousePressconference
Rather than self isolate everyone. Self isolate everyone over 65, or vulnerable and protect the economy. No one under 65 gives a fuck about corona, only its impact on these people.
Trump has no idea what the economy is
Breaking News: Trump To Ease Social Distancing For Economy! https://youtu.be/p2KN8do7Ke4 via @ YouTube
We’re an economy with a people. Get back to work goy.
Worrying about the economy instead of lives?
Also he’s begging for money multiple times a day while telling everyone that the economy is gonna be just fine. Real swell guy that Bill!
I agree with you if 1. By fiddling you mean stopping a huge slush fund 2. By save the economy you mean minimize the recession that will occur during the pandemic. And 3. By god you mean a fake entity who in your world cares more for money than millions of lives.
So is now the time where liberals start to turn and say this is now Trumps economy because the virus has impacted it so negatively? Or this still Obama’s economy? I’m confused as to how this works
What are you doing??? What happened to one American life being more important than the economy????
I second to your statement. # USA is late by 2 months to respond and control # COVID19. Now, thinking that things will be back to normal in 2 weeks is not more than a wishful thinking. Stay home! Once it's over, we need to rework on d rock bottom economy
The economy is not more important than people’s health, and you fucking, money hungry, greedy capitalist imbeciles who think so will be last in line for the ventilators, anti malaria drug, and remdesivir the gawd.
I truly feel the that’s why congressional democrats are delaying a stimulus package. They’d rather ruin the economy at the expense of Americans than let the Oresifent do his job.
I don’t know what the answer is to this virus. I don’t know if staying shutdown will massively hurt the economy or if opening things back up will only make the virus worse. I do know it shouldn’t and hopefully won’t be a decision made lightly.
@ realDonaldTrump Donald, you can't help being a narcissist but you can seek help from mental health professionals on how to be a better functioning person in spite of it! This will be hard for you but try to be truthful about your interest in keeping the economy strong even...
I think what we’re seeing is Trump’s scheme to avoid blame for the econ impact of the shut down. Next week he’s going to declare business as usual, and force the governors to say no. And then Trump is going to blame Dem governors in IL, CA and NY for shutting down the economy. https://twitter.com/renato_mariotti/status/1242237721411715072 …
Because it doesn’t make their agenda. Period. Full stop. Trump has be slashing regulations around the economy for three years now. Unfortunately he hasn’t had time to look at the regulations in the health system because John McCain was a ‘no’ vote.
With respect . @ HotlineJosh that is not what the President said. Either you were not listening to what he said, simply do not care to listen, or perhaps you want a depression and see the economy collapse. Shameful statement tweet on your part.
Yes, because replicating the 1918 flu pandemic with 500,000 American deaths would be GREAT for the economy. # TrumpVirus # PresidentDunce # FoxNewsFollieshttps://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/1242145766812024838 …
Translation: “My re-election and the economy are more important than the 2-3% of infected Americans that will die of Covid-19. # COVIDー19 # TrumpLiesAmericansDiehttps://twitter.com/PoliticusSarah/status/1242230662863740928 …
If there is 1 major thing the viruses impact on the economy has shown it's that labor, people, is what drives the day to day economy. Not corporations, business leaders, but simply people selling their labor in order to consume. Kill the labor you kill the economy.
Because 1) the economy benefits more and 2) if we had debt-free college, we'd have more doctors, nurses, engineers, etc.
I presume you prefer to be paid for your work and have access to first-world facilities; so balance in all things. Save the economy to save lives.
Bringing manufacturing back from China would be great. Unhooking our economy from theirs sounds good to me.
Yesterday in a war, today soon to start the economy back up and get people back to work?
For the trump administration a mortality rate of .7 % its ok its not 5% like we thought ( his words today). The economy is more important then the peasants who work.
Total shutdown for 14 more days max and then widespread testing and containment. Extended quarantine for high risk groups and hot spots but rest of economy needs to reopen.
So don’t make it illegal, that is our fault not theirs. We need them. Find a way for those workers to work legally. The problem is our economy is now dependent on cheap disposable workers. And culturally we are dependent on hating them. Fix those problems.
It depends on how long the economy is shut down. If it is shut down long enough, he will be right. The truth is that the objectives of flattening the curve and keeping the economy afloat are at odds with each other. You can't go all in on either. There has to be a balance.
Agree 100%, yet from the line of questions to POTUS from our media, it’s clear that any outcome that does not totally trash our economy, is unacceptable. This cure is much worse than the disease.
This is why Trump wants to “reopen the economy.” @ RepAdamSchiff warned us Trump would put his own self interest ahead of the national interest. Governors and mayors, stay strong. We can’t beat the virus unless we remain locked down.https://twitter.com/mateagold/status/1242229985139724290 …
This is about priorities. The economy will recover. You cannot get lives back.
Perhaps its the downturn in the economy due to her inability to work with @ realDonaldTrump on anything, including the new stimulus package!https://twitter.com/LelandRobinso10/status/1242230621423927296 …
The only way is... democracies should decouple their economy from this evil regime.
@ realDonaldTrump - You are going to kill us all you IDIOT! With mass sickness the economy WILL collapse anyway and you will NOT be re-elected # dotherightthing ! Keep things closed.
Serious question: what does “open the economy back up” mean? I don’t think the federal government can require businesses to open, can’t require employees to go to work, nor require consumers to patronize businesses. Governors can ignore the directive and keep businesses closed
“Is there anyone else making money in this economy?” “Yeah, billionaires!” Don’t save them. They don’t want to be saved.
I say saving lives. When we get through this, the economy will bounce back.
Yes, because she took an oath to SAVE LIVES. The economy can be saved later, lives can't. POP:People Over Profits!!!
Maybe the speechwriter from the last @ GOP administration to crash the economy should sit this one out.
It’s hurting his reelection campaign. The economy was the only thing he had going for him. He’s jeopardizing American lives for his perception of a chance to get reelected.
LIVE-STREAM! Hey everyone, we're live-streaming! Breaking News: Trump To Ease Social Distancing For Economy! With panelist, @ miserablelib Stef Zamorano! Click on the link below to watch NOW! https://bit.ly/33GKO14
Will mcCONnell and the GOP Senate notice that trumputin inadvertently betrayed them by revealing how the economy really works. No more pig in a poke. The American people now know that the GOP knows that the economy works by the 99% having money 7 & spending. https://twitter.com/darraghforpitt/status/1242237705091596288 …
Trump still hasn't taken any action yet. Venting concern about the economy is legit. People and businesses just won't pick right up if this goes on too long. Even Gov Cuomo seems concerned about that aspect.
# Education is reaching a tipping point as the gap widens between the # skills delivered by the current system and those required by the # digital economy,... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVz_Zp3lf88 … # earlyyears # earlyyears # lifelonglearning # futureofwork # workplace # tippingpoint # current # disrupt
People do NOT LISTEN to our idiot president, all he cares about is his economy looking good, doesn't give a shit about people dying, and if he gets his way many many will die period
You’ll have to elaborate on how the Dems managed to upturn the economy yet also damn near destroy it. Given you don’t actually know my education, where I went to school, or who my professors are, it’s interesting you’re attacking them and not backing failed right wing economics.
Yes, he more worried about the economy than you and I. https://twitter.com/Yamiche/status/1242237374232498181 …
It’s an obvious calculation made to optimize the likelihood of Trump’s reelection by balancing kickstarting the economy & minimizing the *political damage* of deaths (rather than minimizing deaths solely). Expect some form of subterfuge to minimize reporting of COVID-19 deaths.
He wants to say that things are getting better. But this drug does not work the way he says. He wants the economy up. So he can go back to his campaign & after @ JoeBiden We all know trump only cares about money & him. @ nytimes @ funder
If we do what he wants not only will many people die unnecessarily, the negative impact to the economy will be far greater. Trump is a day trader. I've never met a day trading tycoon, have you?
We can live with the virus and eventually conquer it, but we can't afford to let the economy die. https://www.redstate.com/streiff/2020/03/23/okay-smart-guys-what-do-we-do-now-that-wuhan-virus-is-here-to-stay-and-the-economy-is-shut-down/?fbclid=IwAR3b0UVOym7q0gPrZbqGg4ja4kb-pMOr2PZQ-9It8o9Zwt2irg8DsoWXONU …
Except there has been non-stop sabotage and skulduggery by Democrats since the day he took office. -Russia Russia Russia -Mueller investigation -Impeachment hoax Now: -Impeachment 2.0 (blame Trump for virus/economy)
Nick: “I want to buy something.” ...10 min later... “What’s something I can buy to stimulate the economy?” # wearebored # quarantine2020
Trump signals growing weariness with coronavirus social distancing as he grows concerned about the economy - The Washington Post. Money, money, money. Profits before people. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-signals-growing-weariness-with-social-distancing-and-other-steps-advocated-by-health-officials/2020/03/23/0920ea0a-6cfc-11ea-a3ec-70d7479d83f0_story.html …
A defensive press talk by # Trump, hiding behind mortality rate but unlike local accidents, its a global phenomenon and its fear is much larger then deaths in accidents.he admitted downfall in economy too. @ nytimesworld @ BBCPolitics # USA
You’re right. If we continue down this path our economy will be totally destroyed and millions of Americans will be forced to live in poverty. We must get back to business as usual and get everyone who is healthy back to work! Thank you!! https://twitter.com/TerriKAG2020/status/1242227966278537230 …
If we start holding our elected officials responsible now the govt will collapse along with the economy.
Soon @ TheDemocrats will start dressing up like this and kill people just to hurt the economy and try to prevent @ realDonaldTrump from being reelected.pic.twitter.com/1qcA8nPzxY
The falling of our Economy is all the DEMOCRATS fault! The Communist regime of China is at fault for hiding and lying about COVID-19! But, the Chinese People are NOT at fault for any of this! They are victims of Control-Freak China Control-Freak US Democrats! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1242202291718979587 …
You apparently have one brain cell, and it screams "Business!" no matter what the cost to human lives, whether in the future re: your abandonment of environmental protections, or now, with your impulse to put the economy over health safety.
I share the aspiration that good policy makes for good economics and politics. The best policymaking is integrative and takes account of health, the economy, the environment, social relations, and politics (i.e., the art of the possible). https://twitter.com/RichardHaass/status/1242231540031066112 …
Democrats are doing this because they want the economy to fail under Trump.
Who wants to come to a country riddled with illness and death where the commander in chief is doing very little ? # ShutDownTheUSA Save lives and the economy. This is stupid !!!! https://twitter.com/DHS_Wolf/status/1242201957613350913 …
Yes, I would like to tank the entire economy to save lives. What the hell??? You're not talking about some Communist country! https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/1242155643173310464 …
The economy is in shambles b/c ppl can’t work. If the majority of Americans stop producing, our economy is shuttered...so tell me again why the taxpayers aren’t the focus of this bailout? The economy can’t survive without us. Remember that when catering to corps! # NoSlushFund
I’m sorry Fred. My husband is also on immune suppression as a kidney transplant recipient! But I’m sure he’s expendable to save the current occupant of the White House’s economy!
Why are you so worried about the economy? We, in the healthcare field, are in need of TESTING, MASKS, GLOVES, GOWNS, and FACE SHEILDS! Worry about that first “Mr. President”, then you can worry about your precious economy. pic.twitter.com/Yfq6NXwRty
Hopefully, Gov. Wolf has a few more brain cells than Pres. Trump, whose focus on the heath of the economy over the health of the nation’s citizens is appalling.
Their economy is minute compared to ours but of course the maniacal hate to the LNP over rides any logic about the concern for your fellow Australians especially many of whom who have the hide to vote opposite to you
Trump wants to restart the US economy ASAP because he's afraid the tanking stock market will hurt his reelection chances, new report says # SmartNews It’s all about Trump he’s such a disgrace to the American people and this country. Out in 2020https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-us-economy-afraid-tanking-stock-market-coronavirus-report-reelection-2020-3 …
Other than to keep a huge number of them alive you mean? There’s got to be another way than just pulling back in precautions, opening up the economy and watch thousands (millions?) die. Look around you. Who would you choose to sacrifice?
“And it looks like we’re worried more about the economy than we are the health care and the wellbeing of the people of America,” the West Virginia senator complained. https://www.rawstory.com/2020/03/manchin-erupts-into-shouting-match-with-mcconnell-youre-more-concerned-about-the-health-of-wall-street/ …
I'm starting to feel down about this whole lockdown thing The virus scares me of course but I'm really afraid that we have no ideia what's coming next Will the economy collapse and the governments too? Will the world really change and if it does will it be for better or worse
Also seems Trump is doing a 180 on the hole keeping people from spreading the virus in favor of keeping the economy from going further down. I guess money comes first
Hey @ guypbenson I know it sounds so heartfelt to take your position, but the economy needs to get going. I can't put it better than the President did last night. You can't have the cure end up being worse than the disease!
Nothing says opening various areas of the economy where it is not appropriate type activities is gonna happen immediately. Nor That you need to end social distancing and common sense precautions and some changes to life to protect others. Obviously not were people are susseptible pic.twitter.com/HTPqAKDnsB
Does [Fauci] agree with you about the need to reopen the economy soon? Trump: He doesn't not agree # WhereIsFaucipic.twitter.com/Sy5UkhxcQb
TRump has confirmed his insanity and incompetence. If he and the @ GOP try to do this we all should take to the streets and cripple the economy of this country! @ GOP is certainly not doing anything in our best interests. # TheResistance # whitehousePressconference
So when the economy was doing well, did everyone get a 20% raise?
City hustlers are not safe! A lockdown is necessary though the economy will be greatly affected.
Yeah. He’s talking about what acceptable mortality rates are for reopening the economy, so.. Everything is fine. We’re all fine.
Unfortunately, this statement comes as the President is signaling the end of his focus on the virus and turning more to the economy and stock market.
@ realDonaldTrump is apparently appeased by "low" mortality caused by # COVIDー19. Even if it would be just 0.5% in the USA assuming 50% of the population got infected ~0.8 million people would die. Fair price to pay to boost the economy and lift restrictions? I don't think so
Where is he wrong? Over 50,000 a year die of car wrecks. Over 50,000 a year die of influenza. Over 110,000 a year die of obesity-related issues. So far, we don't have 1000 # Covid19 deaths. You want to destroy the economy and mental health of USA for Covid, but not all the other?
I respectfully disagree, and I am an older person. I realize that a wrecked economy puts everyone at risk. If everyone is at risk, the older just move to a higher level of risk. Is there a way to accomplish both, simultaneously?
Fresh off Wall Street’s worst week since the 2008 financial crisis, US markets continued to slide Monday even after the central bank committed to unlimited bond purchases to lift the U.S. economy. # DumpTrump2020
Can't stimulate the economy if half the population is dead dummy. But let you tell it and "Oh, it's only 1.5 million Americans dead". https://twitter.com/matthewjdowd/status/1242199425432408064 …
It’s also stupid. The economy will tank regardless.
With these demands, Democrats in Congress aren't trying to rescue our country. They aren't trying to rescue our economy. They're trying to rescue their partisan agenda—and they’re willing to hold America hostage to do it.
Ten years ago you helped destroy any reasonable and effective healthcare in America. Your attempt to enslave millions with this grab at one fifth of the economy rivals that of the slavery of the 17th-19th century. Shameful.
Economy before people . Idiot in charge
Collateralized loans are not bailouts, but the @ TheDemocrats are too stupid to understand how the economy work. # DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica
Question for you: IF US does not get everyone tested, how do we manage economy? NY shutting down for 90 days causes people who are sick to flea to other states where they can work. Thus, spreading the virus. Thoughts?
"The Doctors" would be fine for the global economy (and the subsequent societal damage) to go down the shitter for the 6 month quarantine they think is necessary to tackle this.
@ realDonaldTrump Your 2 month delay on recognizing # Coronavirus as not a # Hoax caused the economy to crash. Then you decided not to help healthcare workers. Then, you tried to create a # SlushFund for your friends. Now you need us to go back to work to save you. Hard pass.
"The whole concept of death, is awful. But oh well, we need the economy to hum. Right? So with that I'll also continue the lawsuit against Obamacare. What is a hundred thousand more deaths? Amirite?" - @ realDonaldTrump # TrumpPressConference # CoronavirusUSA
This is an absolute travesty. Americans need you, and you’re playing politics. The bill addresses small businesses support, health care support, and unemployment expansion. Yes, it also supports big businesses who drive our economy and employ millions. Pass the bill. Now.
Theres just a certain amount of the population that gets super freaked out by viruses, they want trump to destroy the economy of 350 million people to save the lives of maybe a few thousand more
Willing to lose tens-hundreds of thousands *additional* lives at the expense of saving the economy in the extremely immediate term shows where your priorities are in life.
Hi, @ realDonaldTrump You should meet the Americans you’re sentencing to death when you suggest we stop practicing containment measures for the good of the economy. This is Owen. He has allergies & chronic lung inflammation. He’s 14. And he deserves a better President than you. pic.twitter.com/TvPmVjFmeD
Retirement plans for a community newspaper $15 min wage for companies that take loans Permanent paid leave for companies that take loans Tax breaks for wind and solar farms Yeah, that is pork, with a side of pork, with more pork and none will help the economy or you.
Why air a press conference of @ realDonaldTrump boasting about himself and peddling misinformation ? America needs a leader that truly cares about lives. A great economy won’t matter to those that are dead due to the negligence of this administration for whom I voted.
I guess I don't determine the significance of someone by the number of twitter followers they have. I did watch the press conference and I agree with the strategy. Its critical that the US gets as much of the economy going as quickly as we can.
I’m saying if we don’t KEEP President # Trump2020 in office the markets won’t just ‘bounce back’. There is NO ONE better than Trump to pump lifeblood back into our economy. We all know that Obama/Biden said we would NEVER see more that a 1.5 GDP again. Trump proved them wrong. pic.twitter.com/Ce7GTTkVXe
I don’t agree. Without an economy more people will become sick, anxious and suicidal. You don’t destroy an economy for anything or you have nothing. You can’t close for a month, they’ll be nothing to come back to. @ JesseKellyDC
Perhaps one reason the UK is still allowing flights from Covid19 hotspots; can't justify crashing the economy and putting the country under house arrest if the virus you're using as cover fails to turn up. https://twitter.com/courrielche/status/1242237449188732929 …
Umm, it looks like the Trump Admin is engineering this option as a feature - not a bug. That way they could have some plausible political deniability for the election - "Hey, we tried to not tank the economy, but those mean governors made you stay home"
I'm finna squeeze this american economy for every goddam drop after this is done.... Catch me in Russia w Putin and trump in 20 years w a couple bil under my belt
All the economists are dead, they letting medical doctors dictating how we should run the economy
Yeah, right. Let's all get back to work in order to keep the economy going. Go back to biz as usual until EVERY PLACE is a hot spot...just like in Italy. Girl, you ARE nuts. https://twitter.com/IngrahamAngle/status/1242236037373493248 …
Donald Trump Signals He Might Sacrifice Thousands of Americans to Restart the Economy https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/03/donald-trump-signals-he-might-sacrifice-thousands-of-americans-to-restart-the-economy/ … # SmartNews
These broadcasts have been primarily used as a publicity campaign for Trumps re-election in the 2020 election. Trump has little interest in the well being of the American public. His efforts are geared to strengthening the economy that will serve to get him re-elected. Shame.
While other countries are busy putting protective measures in place to save lives, this idiot is talking about the economy: his sole concern, ever.. himself and money. Beyond despicable and DISGUSTING https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242222962977144835 …
MAKE IT HERE - Corona lesson is perilous Globalism of relying or allowing majority of materiel to be manufactured or supplied in foreign countries - its time to return to Build It Here. In post Corona economy this will assist employment & economic recovery. # coronavirusaustralia
THIS I was just wondering who he would blame for the economy. Now he will blame Dem governors in his reelection campaign. Of course that is what this about. So some old people die, they are close, anyway... https://twitter.com/davidaxelrod/status/1242237314228613121 …
We can work on the economy and getting that back on track over time. We can’t get back lives that would be lost.
How can you restore the economy if you don't have workers or customers??? Sending people back out too soon would only cause another medical crisis and require a new lockdown. Gotta get both workers and customers well before companies can begin to come back. https://twitter.com/matthewjdowd/status/1242197861170847744 …
Yes, when no one puts their money back into the stock market and they keep selling their stocks and keep saving (afraid to spend), the economy and stock market will continue tanking. Until the American people feel comfortable this virus is under control, this economy dies.
Erm... No. Civil liberties and economy is at risk. Don't you care?
his economy ***not our economy***
the stock market & economy trying to stay alive during this trying time pic.twitter.com/rtJUoT241N
It’s the same reason he is going to lift all of the federal restrictions. The governors will still enforce local restrictions and then Trump can blame them when it effects the economy. It’s all about Trump protecting Trump.
We have a choice. People safe, able to rise again and bring back the economy... Or... Millions dead, and an economy that will NEVER recover, oh yea, BECAUSE WE'RE ALL DEAD. Pretty simple, reslly.
THIS ORANGE FRUITCAKE, HAS ZERO CREDIBILITY, WILL CONTINUE TO KILL THE ECONOMY, AND AMERICANS BY THE THOUSANDS, IF NOT MILLIONS! NARCISSISTIC INSANITY ON STEROIDS!
Giving treasury 400b to then leverage as loans could put trillions into the economy which is what is needed. This is an economic armegeddon but it will not come close to a country where massive business go bankrupt and we are in a depression which will pale 1929. the nonsense
That money was going to go to hotels which the trump family would benefit from, cruise lines that aren’t even American companies. Lady time they did this in 2008 & 2009 CEOs used it to buy back stocks and did not benefit workers or economy trying to not allow that to happen again
Right. There is no healthy economy without a healthy population.
Balance. If you think that the economy is not important then quit your job, donate your salary, live like anyone else out of a job because states are closed down. Never said MORE important. Don’t be # fakenews.
Amazing. Simply amazing. You openly call for the death of Americans. Many of the people who will die as a result of this policy are your supporters. And yet, there’s a very good chance you’ll be elected. At least you’re on the record: Economy > Dead Americans
@ billmaher you wished for a crashed economy so Trump wouldnt be reelected. You got it buddy. I hope you are happy. I saved 4 this but my money wont last long, you though will be A-OK. I doubt you really give a shit though. Thanks for the best wishes
Maoism AND Thirdworldism??? IN THIS ECONOMY???
And in eight days Duh Creature will be castigating all the Democratic Governors & Mayors (along with any Republican officials with sense) for “endangering our economy” because they prefer to keep vulnerable people alive by continuing restrictions. It’s the blame game.
This cure is killing economy, crushing dreams — we need to figure out a better way https://trib.al/7PbzKaY pic.twitter.com/6b3bSCcuSa
Check out the CraftMatrix # minecraft server! IP: http://mc.craftmatrix.net Raiding - Economy - Spleef - McMMO //Free server mentions from MCServersUK
The alternative, everyone gets sick and the economy tanks anyway
Major religious organizations, combined with health organizations, need to create a grassroots movement that becomes a crescendo of sanity and health advice based on science, not on Trump's desire to reopen the economy @ SenateDems @ HouseDemocrats
"People might suffer so the economy might thrive" has a whiff of Stalinism to it.
The economy collapsing would be worse than any flu virus. Not sure the doctors have the metrics on that
Cuz Trump was not President. An could get re elected in his great economy. pic.twitter.com/oDfzaQ8BrW
Nope. A bad economy is a strike against Trump. They hate Trump more than anything else, so our suffering is a check mark in the win box for them.
. @ adam_tooze It seems that, for Trump, it is still about the economy https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2020/mar/20/coronavirus-myth-economy-uk-business-life-death …
His plan is to let the governors take all the heat. If they don’t quarantine and deaths go up, trump can say we didn’t tell them to, if they do and their economy sinks, trump can say we didn’t tell them to. Complete lack of leadership or taking responsibility.
It seems to me right now there is a subtext debate going on where some are in effect asking "Is it worth it to the economy to re-open doors and sacrifice 1-2% of the population?"
It has crossed my mind since the economy is being destroyed too.
can someone please explain to him the economy will crash anyway when 20% of the population of 330 million need hospitalization and 25% of the health care workers are ill or dead? when police force, air traffic & trucking collapse?
I'm all for returning to life as usual since it would kill off a lot of boomers that vote for Republicans and right-wing Democrats and crash the economy. The result would be the largest leftward swing in history.
Don't Call It A Bailout; Businesses didn't Cause the Coronavirus.. As per dictionary "an act of giving financial assistance to a failing business or economy to save it from collapse." Fine one who caused it ...
I think they all know Trump is going to get us through this and save the economy. https://twitter.com/Condorian2487/status/1242236783284240384 …
@ jimcramer 22,000 US Citizens have died from the flu so far this season. That’s about 122 per day, and this season is considered low to moderate. And we’re crashing our economy.
U really believe that? We all care about people. But if we follow the guidelines, it reduces the risk and doesn't spread then we can get back up and going soon so the economy, jobs, money, bills and so forth are OK.
Following his logic, why not proactively just go out and round up all of the most vulnerable right away, and fire up the gas chambers? It would be the most expedient way to get the ol' economy moving again, right?
The economy will spring back to life, as far as I know we can't raise people from graves when this is all over.
The thing is: the ship representing US Economy has a great Captain. He knows how to avoid the dangers posed by the Coronavirus.
This event is not only unprecedented in modern times it crosses many disciplines. We’ve shut down 90% of a complex economy. That’s not just an epidemiological issue. There are literally no experts for this issue.
I guess “the elderly” can help the economy recover by dying and saving all that money from Social Security and Medicare. After that so called press conference, I want to do what the college kids did....just go to the beach and drink!
They’re going to choose the economy over ordinar peoples lives unless the wealthy start to lose their family members. I don’t want to be cynical but they have access to the tests and can afford to isolate w best healthcare so it won’t be them.
Wow. What’s wrong with any of that? Those things have proven to be great for the economy. I think the markets sold off bc they know how galactically stupid and dangerous trump is.
And by "the economy," he means his hotels. https://twitter.com/FrankFigliuzzi1/status/1242233236324888576 …
As I have been saying shorting is illogical. Global economy will Bounce back and this is sale to be bought. “Ackman Goes All In: That's About The Most Bullish Thing We've Done. We're All Long, No Shorts" | Zero Hedge https://www.zerohedge.com/markets/ackman-touts-25-billion-recovery-bet-us-stocks-selloff-worsens …
"Get the mass death over with already.. We have an economy to recover and I have a campaign to run in and win." - @ realDonaldTrump
Our economy faces an economic recession unless we act. Tell Congress: # FundOurFuture and give states the fiscal stabilization funds they need to fight # COVID19. https://actionnetwork.org/letters/give-states-the-fiscal-stabilization-funds-to-fight-the-coronavirus?source=twitter& … via @ AFTUnion
Stop with the code shit, I'm talking about the dr that's been at all the pressers except today who's been telling the truth from day 1. The one that Trump agreed with until it fucks 2 much with the precious economy.
Does he think isolation will cause more suicide attempts than people being forced to watch their loved ones die from a disease because the president decided to prioritize the economy over American lives?
In many cases, Economy = American lives.
Let’s try to not forfeit all of our civil rights and democratic traditions, folks. Bad enough how quickly we’ve collectively agreed to destroy our economy. https://www.visualcapitalist.com/history-of-pandemics-deadliest/ …
The US gov't has killed people before to prop up the economy, this time it's just considering doing so exclusively domestically
And then the economy collapses and he can become a Trillionaire on the way back up. No thanks.
Translation of this talking point: WHAT IF PEOPLE DON'T DIE AND THE ECONOMY COMES BACK AND THIS DOESN'T HURT ORANGE MAN pic.twitter.com/WzYaWPYXxb
Just how many dead people do you think are an acceptable price to pay for the economy to have a mild depression rather than a severe one!
Trump's favorite Fox News hosts are pushing him to prioritize the economy over social distancing amid the coronavirus pandemic # SmartNewshttps://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-fox-pushing-trump-to-prioritize-the-economy-over-health-2020-3 …
At the White House, in recent days, there has been a growing sentiment that medical experts were allowed to set policy that has hurt the economy & there has been a push to find ways to let people start returning to work and find ways to restart the economy https://nyti.ms/2Ud6XBl
This from a Moron-in-chief aka @ realDonaldTrump who doesn’t understand that CoronaVirus don’t have a political affiliation, it’s affecting some of everyone. Put people first then They will support the economy-always has worked this way.
Again, gleaning over the essay, seems like the problem is that the revenue being raised by tourism isn't being diverted into the local economy. Seems like things would improve drastically if taxes were raised on corporations and used to fund public services. Also raise min wage.
“There’s not enough people dying to warrant me and my rich friends losing money.” ~ @ realDonaldTrump, On potentially opening up the economy because the “cure” (keeping people home and from dying) is more dangerous than # COVIDー19. # TrumpPressConference
Internet explodes after Trump suggests reopening the economy: ‘He’s gonna kill a bunch of people’ https://www.rawstory.com/2020/03/internet-explodes-after-trump-suggests-reopening-the-economy-hes-gonna-kill-a-bunch-of-people/#.XnlMwLGImzM.twitter …
If a million “consumers” die, what’s that do to the economy? https://apnews.com/65163e344a4725c823c34be60a2da1ce …
You have a rigid ideological view of economics. If deficit hawk policies are enacted to face this crisis the economy will languish. Look at the Great Depression. It was prolonged because of a lack of big money stimulus. A new New Deal is what we need right now.
How about you need to realistically assess how your economy -- based on global trade and consumerism -- will be damaged if a significant majority of your consumers are dead. https://twitter.com/BuckSexton/status/1242164523584425984 …
He’s made it clear that the economy comes first, & by the stimulus conflict, the Republicans are backing his play.
U.S. Economy Grinds To Halt As Nation Realizes Money Just A Symbolic, Mutually Shared Illusion
Trump is holding the American economy hostage THIS IS WHAT THEY DO. # Treason # GOP
If it was the #1 economy anywhere in the world then it COULD afford this. We have a shit economy and it's blatantly obvious now https://twitter.com/axios/status/1242234534160207874 …
# askthepresident !!!! He brought up the wall! Would he sacrifice wall budget for boosting the economy!? Or for the medical needs of citizens!? Would he relocate wall funds to # COVIDー19 !!!? @ realDonaldTrump @ CBSNews
The thing with my generation is even if the economy takes a huge hit, we just will still have no money. Won't make a difference. It's not like we have savings, investments or any considerable assets.
Jesus H Christ, this man is determined to get us all killed just so he can say he saved the economy he helped destroy by ignoring the crisis that’s going to get us all killed.
So basically, a million people could die, but keep the economy humming, that’s the most important thing. # idiotpresident
It does not make sense. I think easing up on these restrictions to jumpstart the economy while corona virus has not peaked is reckless.
If we don’t focus on the virus more than Trump and Kudlow have been the only economy we’ll have is barter.
You can keep talking about getting back to work. The economy. The markets. But do you want to live with that hanging over your head? You can get sick any day and if you do, the hospital is not an option? Nobody is prepared for this. Nobody should be. It's horrific.
I share your concern about the economy. But 33% of Michigan’s COVID-19 tests are coming back positive, compared to 7% across all of the US and 3% globally. This means we are in a bad spot. No easy answers; but this sacrifice will be most effective if we rally together.
After watching today’s Press Conference- I think - Democrats are just wasting time and energy to oppose President Trump and VP Mike Pense - Even if Democrats manage to crash the economy and Media behind them - We are observing Devine intervention God Bless
Less than a week ago there were 6500 cases and less than 100 deaths. We’re now at over 44,000 cases and 545 deaths. There won’t be an economy left if everyone dies.
heart attacks are unnecessary medical procedures. Until the economy improves. https://twitter.com/DavidOAtkins/status/1242238234567954432 …
Trump sent out misleading numbers about the common flu too. People are just numbers for him. The sooner everyone gets back to work moving the economy, the better Trump looks, the better his chance of re-election. And free golf and propping up his estate with taxpayer money...
there IS NO ECONOMY WITHOUT THE HEALTH OF ITS CITIZENS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW MANY TIMES DO WE HAVE TO TEACH YOU THIS LESSON OLD MAN???!?!!?!?!? https://twitter.com/matthewjdowd/status/1242197861170847744 …
Their priority is Destroying the Economy and Killing Babies
putting hustling aside, let's look at people staying in the ghetto. People can spend weeks without water and will have to go and stand in long queues at borehole to get water, why I'm saying in as much as self isolation is the key, zvinonetsa with an economy like ours
If he opens the country in a week we are going to turn into ITALY and our economy will mean NOTHING. I don't trust him any more. TRADE with China? AFTER THIS? A "strong dollar"? How many people are going to die from this? How much is a life worth?
Stupidity of US GOP belief in “states rights” as if is a state by state thing. Also, danger to Florida jobs in part due to right-to-work economy. https://twitter.com/DavidBegnaud/status/1242224414139322370 …
Yes. When asked about what they are doing the CMO and his deputy start talking about infection and testing etc then all of a sudden they're drivelling on about the cost of closing schools and shutting the economy as if they are medical decisions.
They can afford by economy and by health care to linger this. Country like china cant even control it without lockdown to pakistan ki to baat sooch b nahi saktay. We cant afford more patients coz we dont have facilities. Baki Allah knows the best.
@ POTUS has a plan. I have a CONSPIRACY THEORY I want to go viral. The reason @ SpeakerPelosi, @ SenSchumer and their respective Jackasses are sinking Americans and the economy is so they will all lose in November. DIABOLICAL! https://twitter.com/townhallcom/status/1242232216115126272 …
If trump reopens the economy then hundreds of thousands of Americans will die, it’s a suicidal policy
Actually no. He’s choosing his interests. The economy will rebound without them propping up certain corporations. Let them die. People are losing their jobs anyway. Let capitalism work. New blood is needed.
Literally 100% of people saying the economy needs to get back to work don’t have real jobs in any meaningful sense.
Most of the # CoronavirusPandemic news is coming to us via TV and radio networks that are funded by corporate sponsors. Considering how the U.S. economy is rapidly deteriorating, as well as those states where many businesses have been forced to close,...
Mitigation is another topic. That is THE problem. We wouldn’t be shutting the economy down if we had enough drs, nurses and supplies.
I have never been more sure that we need Bernie Sanders as president than I am in this very moment. These fucking ghouls are really going to just let people die in favor of “saving” the economy and I am fucking sick
The thing is when things are safe again, I trust him to get the economy back and running. But I agree, he needs to think safety first. I think his answer in a few days will change too. It has to.
It's heartening to hear you volunteering yourself to make this sacrifice. The economy thanks you.
No. A thousand times no. The economy will not recover until the pandemic is under control. https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …
What about, I dont know, the people that will be killed by this idiotic behavior? What about THEIR families? You can regrow an economy even if it means tougher times, but you cant bring back dead people.
I prefer instead “stimulating” economy - just “freeze” economy, then we all pick back up where we left off. It would help # workingclass more to just “hit pause” on rent, utilities, bills for 2-3 months, than some “advance” we can’t afford payback @ timburchett @ MarshaBlackburn
Depends on how u see it, for the richer (like trump) yeah, for everyone else. No. Just like the economy with the non rich he doesnt care about the people of america, only the economy and his money
Why you are thinking of economy Chetan ? This is not a good time for it really. You will understand soon what affects how much. If I would have been PM, i would have shut down whole country for at least a month. https://twitter.com/chetan_bhagat/status/1242059281400082432 …
In what way do you think the economy is strong? I am old enough to remember when a person could actually pay all their bills, didn't need credit cards & could save. Also, we got sick days. And the CEO made like $100K and we had something called profit sharing. All gone....
Your whole argument is that “smart enterpreneurs” take advantage of a generation who can’t afford to buy because older generations fucked up our economy. Sorry but that’s not skilled or smart work that’s privilege and exploitation
Schmoe is clearly not the sharpest knife in the drawer. The POTUS says it because it must be so or our economy will collapse and total chaos and civil unrest will result. Unless, of course, that is what Schmoe would prefer happen.
Months ago the economy was doing fine. Fear mongering by the mass media has promoted people to behave irrationally, all at the hopes of discrediting Trump. That's how your party is promoting a recession
I know nothing about unemployment and I think I somehow fucked up my application because now it shows I don’t have a pending claim lmao I hate this all so much can I just go back to work
You didn’t speak with me. I spent four hours with one employee trying to help him apply for unemployment. Four long hours on the Florida website. It crashed so many times I lost track. Fix this!!!
Yes, don’t let it get you down. check into unemployment. That should help a little until you do get a job.
I cleaned my room, filed for unemployment, ordered edibles and did my roots/ dyed my hair now only animal crossing and cocktails
The economy isn't just "some people making money". Its millions of peoples livelihoods. You don't think crashing an economy will cost lives? How will healthcare get paid for when there is 30% unemployment? How will police get funded?
He's home, sees his cardiologist tomorrow. They wanted to send him to the hosp. overnight, he declined. Best guess, stress, but he's better because he's not worried. He lost his brother 2 weeks ago and our 4 kids are in various stages of unemployment. It's a lot.
What is more disturbing than @ realDonaldTrump’s idiotic ramblings, is that NOT ONE person up there has the ‘balls’ to finally speak up & ‘state the TRUTH’! You along with him, will be responsible for every: death, patient in ICU, sick person, unemployment, bankruptcy, etc. etc..
Here is what @ SenSchumer and @ SpeakerPelosi are blocking: $1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child $250 Billion-Unemployment Insurance $350 B-Small Business Loan Program $100 B-Hospitals $11 B-Vaccines $4.5 B-CDC $20 B-Veterans Healthcare $12 B-K12 Education $5 B-FEMA $10 B-Airports
There is unemployment insurance in the bill. Like I said how much it changes by the time it passes is anyone’s guess
Its funny how no company wants to pay taxes but expects the government to cover unemployment for all those laid-off, furloughed or fired in time of crisis
Take away Congress's paychecks & insurance...why should we pay them anything..they do not care about the people who pay their salaries & insurance..apply for unemployment
Australia health No1 but 2021 it's unemployment so Canberra bubble will be where?? Murdoch pension media Will be talking old Liberal language YES
"worried about the impact of soaring unemployment numbers and severe economic contraction 2020 election, and fielded phone calls for much of the weekend from alarmed business leaders. He remains fixated on theNYSE, is chafing at the country remaining closed until summer . . "
I'm so sorry :( Are you able to apply for unemployment?
If we can train America's laid-off workforce to reschedule sports events, our unemployment situation will be solved.
How are we going to re-elect a President that will double digit unemployment by April 1, the markets down 30-35%. Can the rich and upper middle class stay the course, not knowing what is in store in 2021
I was a server but the restaurant is closed now due to the out break. Servers work off tips and make $2.65 before taxes therefore it's not worth applying for unemployment so basically I'm screwed
1. Tax and debt deferral 2. Direct assistance 3. Unemployment protection 4. Disaster relief 5. Pass the SBA Direct Loan Program Act of 2020 6. Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC): 7. Adopt long-term family and medical programs # COVIDー19 # COVIDActNowhttps://bit.ly/33RfPjj
When unemployment gone send the money !
I am asking for the federal government to pass an extension of unemployment benefits for all those workers who will be moved to the back of the line. Not one American should be tossed to the side in no wrongdoings of themselves. Please pass an extension of 4-6 months
That's precisely the point. Why not give them enough money to make a difference and prevent the economy from completely crashing? One $1200 payment won't even make a single mortgage payment for most people. Unemployment is skyrocketing.
Food Resources Housing and Shelter Personal Safety Child Care Job Listing/Unemployment Technology Find support with us! We've compiled a list of basic needs resources available in the community. Visit: http://maricopa.edu/community-business/community-resources … # Community # Coronavirus # Phoenix # SMCCpic.twitter.com/FE02buLrkk
I've been trying to help in anyway I can. At least they'll have something while waiting for unemployment and the stimulus check. Was gonna give blood this week but forget it now.
The list of essential retail includes gun & ammunition stores. In times of economic crisis, mass unemployment, & social isolation rates of domestic violence go up & owning a gun increases suicide risk. Please reconsider.
Not exactly. I work for a state rep. Our staff has fielded well over 100 calls in the past week from small business owners worried about their employees, solo owner/operators worried about feeding their families, and workers applying for unemployment. 1/
Well then, protect American workers. Make sure they get paid unemployment. Make sure they are covered with health insurance. Make sure that corporations cannot buy back stocks to enrich themselves but use the money to help their employees. Simple enough.
@ NC_Governor my wife is a self employed hair dresser. Today you ordered her business shut down on Wednesday. Will she qualify for unemployment insurance benefits since it is a government order? Please respond or send information.
Have you even seen what's in the bills proposed by each side? Democrats want MULTIPLE payments directly to individuals, 3 years of unemployment payments and the ACA kept in tact. Republicans want ONE payment to individuals, 3 mo of UI and $500 billion SECRET slush fund.!
Filed my first week of unemployment for the first time in my life. Let's hope that COVID-19 is under control by the time I'm supposed to go back to work at my restaurant, in 5 weeks.
Dont look at it as Unemployment or Welfare, its Investor Capital.
Automakers rolling out 0% financing for 7 years in a desperate plea for cash flow before the unemployment spike. There goes the BMW, the Honda, Chevy commercials, etc. Dominos.
Just filed for unemployment at 20 years old
So 30%+ unemployment rate is OK with you. And a 1% death rate from a virus is what's scaring you. When do you think Americans should go back to work?
When unemployment rates were highest, people went that route because companies went that route to cut out health costs.
Not their fault, and chances are their tenants qualify for unemployment and the stimulus package will include protections for them and/or their industries (which the Democrats are working on). And SSI and Sect 8 is continuing payments for those worst off.
Never said that. At what point would Ryan McCoy suggest that the country open back up? 1.2% mortality rate (MR) with 10% unemployment (U), 1% MR vs 15% U, .9% MR vs 20% U, .8% MR vs 25% U, .7% MR vs 30% U, .6% MR vs 35% U, .5 MR vs 40%U, etc. Not easy, but a choice has to made
Ok King. So what about part of the stimulus that will ensure his companies dont suffer? Is that ok the rich get richer. So that 1200 you going to get will that pay your bills? Or better yet your employer can deny you sick leave and unemployment benefits. That's the Dem fault?
I think he was saying something more to the effect of, despite the sickness and death which will ensue, we will soon end your unemployment by sending you back to work under unsafe conditions, thereby exploding this epidemic and killing many more Americans..
According to Trump's thinking, sending people back to work is a win-win for his "greatest economy in the world" platform because dead people don't factor into the unemployment numbers. Get it?
Unemployment insurance with red tape and a broken website vs a direct deposit check
Its official the 5 yrs i been working in the same company shut us down where am i gon make $15.50 again at this moment im officially unemployment yall
Did I hear him say unemployment will be worse than the virus? The virus that can overwhelm the health care system — the virus that will surely kill some individuals. WTF
Many of these unemployed are NOT eligible for unemployment benefits until April 27 and are therefore wasting their time in the queue - eg. sole traders. The information needs to be better. Even the fact sheet at http://treasury.gov.au isn't clear enough.
@ SenWarren Where do the 1099 workers like myself fit into this mess? I am without work and cant even get unemployment. I make less than the $23,500 McConnell says you have to make to even think about getting help. How many of us are going to loose our place to live because we
Feeling overwhelmed. I just want people to be caring for people in the most loving way possible. I’m worried for friends who will battle sickness. I’m worried for friends who will battle unemployment. With my anxiety, I won’t survive this whole ordeal.
Consumer confidence has collapsed in its biggest one week fall on record, as analysts fear unemployment could hit 11 per cent. https://bit.ly/39fOMyS
Most unemployment benefits are claimed online...
Unemployment really ain’t shit lol
And $2,400 per month in unemployment
The US unemployment rate decreased to 3.5 percent in November 2019 which was the L O W E S T since 1 9 6 9... Growth Chart below is distortion at its best... @ listening2evre1 @https://twitter.com/Listening2EVRE1/status/1242197918356037633 …
@ MassGov @ MassGovernor Why are you declining unemployment to public who are in the restaurant and bar business. What about all the bartender, waitress and servers who lost their job over you closing them. We pay you ! Pay us! # DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica
Well, I hope you're prepared to pay the taxes to cover this! Though I guess it would be one way of keeping unemployment down.
let's face it though, the original "recipe" called for adding a can of tuna and some peas. And as for "standards", when you go through unemployment and are wondering how to pay you bills, the standards get a lot lower. So, I guess I'm prepared to ride this current storm out.
Of six causes of death that compose about two-thirds of total mortality in the 1930s (Fig. 4), only suicides increased during the Great Depression. Suicide mortality peaked with unemployment, in the most recessionary years, 1921, 1932, and 1938. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2765209/ …
What do you think 30% unemployment looks like?
What You Need to Know About Filing For Unemployment # Topbuzzhttp://www.topbuzz.com/article/i6807430209365606918?app_id=1222&gid=6807430209365606918&impr_id=6807547574410250501&language=en&region=us&user_id=6807160542089593861&c=tw …
I’ve heard that too, but SHOULD still be able to get unemployment b/c you can get it for having your hours reduced. I hope they’re able. And thanks.
So @ gtconway3d is a fan of unConstitutional Martial Law. Stealing the rights of ALL New Yorkers. Dictating that they have to shut down their businesses w/millions forced into unemployment. And that this could be for NINE months. That is not leadership - that is drunk driving.
What every worker needs to know if they've lost a job because of COVID-19. # COVIDー19 # Coronovirius # Unemployment ⁦ @ HuffPost⁩ ⁦ @ AppleNews⁩https://apple.news/A1YJtU38zQs6wRkW0SZeJpg …
Or invest in hospitals and safety equipment to save lives. Invest in shoring up desperate families during their unemployment. Invest in sustaining small businesses, transport, farms, businesses supporting the supply needs of hospitals; almost anything than just Wall Street.
Day 2 - I went to the store cause I had to. Most places were out of like everything. Except seasonal cookies. Still had lots of those. Filed for "reduced hours" unemployment. Here's hoping I can earn money somehow. Might sell noods.
I wonder how they're going to instantaneously get everyone back to work. Is it by cutting off unemployment and throwing everyone to the metaphorical (or in some cities, literal) wolves? Something tells me these people don't have a plan to recreate all the jobs that were lost.
Republican America : “ We’re not giving you any unemployment benefits that you can live on. So, keep working; and good luck. Meanwhile, I have the best care; and I’m staying in my bunker.
Panic: "sudden uncontrollable fear or anxiety, often causing wildly unthinking behavior". Being unemployed is bad. Widespread unemployment is bad. When 100k+ people actually panic, they won't be standing in lines to fill out forms for unemployment insurance.
This is an absolute travesty. Americans need you, and you’re playing politics. The bill addresses small businesses support, health care support, and unemployment expansion. Yes, it also supports big businesses who drive our economy and employ millions. Pass the bill. Now.
Getting sick of this corona virus can it be done so I can start actually making money again cause unemployment won’t be near enough
@ AndyBeshearKY you mentioned today that anyone receiving benefits in KY would be extended for 3 months. Does this include those of us on unemployment that only have a couple checks left to claim? # TeamKentucky # HealthyAtHome # Patriot # TogetherKy
Mitch, SENATE MUST GET MONEY TO AMERICANS NOW, DAMN IT. My husband was just denied unemployment because it claims he makes too much. His hours were cut to 2 days a week. WE CAN'T FREAKIN' LIVE ON THIS. NO AMERICANS CAN. STOP SCREWING AROUND & PASS THE DEM BILL TO HELP AMERICANS! pic.twitter.com/YVlyJJAaoY
If you didn't know, the process of applying for unemployment really sucks!
Estimated 30% unemployment, 50% drop in GDP in the 2nd qtr.
Actually, hundreds of thousands of unemployment claims have already piled up. This week is projected to be in the millions.
Worst miss deadline 2 choose the unemployment I will have to work again and again and again with people that doesnt give a fuck kid running barefoot on the plane I offer the mother a mask for kid she refuse what kind of mother his that how do chinese manage to ask their baby
# POTUS STAND FIRM AGAINST THE ENEMY # PATRIOTS KNOW YOU ARE DOING EVERYTHING FOR OUR COUNTRY CONTINUE THE MISSION THE INSTANT MONEY CAN WAIT... UNEMPLOYMENT IS THERE, LET THE SYSTEM DO WHAT IT IS CREATED TO DO
Handing out never ending unemployment will work?
Yeah, long term 30-40% unemployment would be disastrous, obviously. But those dumb asses were on TV today saying we should all go back to work by the end of this week. Which is....nah bruh. They don’t want those deaths on their hands.
Who's actually working right now Jeff? Essential personnel? ... Guesstimates say unemployment could hit 30% soon
Q Drop 3896 # WeAreRising (3/8) https://www.theepochtimes.com/the-closing-of-21-million-cell-phone-accounts-in-china-may-suggest-a-high-ccp-virus-death-toll_3281291.html … >End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?]
NY sick Leave & Unemployment info https://ag.ny.gov/coronavirus#emergency …
So are you. 30% unemployment will most likely kill more people than the virus.
@ GovSisolak have you passed any regulations for unemployed self-employed people to receive some type of unemployment? If we cannot work and everyone else is getting benefits of some type what are we to do?
I dont qualify for unemployment but thank you I'm sure this would've been helpful if I did
I’m mad me and dad filed for unemployment I’m getting 442 and he’s getting 444, and like...... I want the angel numbers
@ MurielBowser If you work 2 jobs to pay bills and you are laid off from both jobs at this time due to the COVID-19 what do you do as far as unemployment ? How do I pay Bill's and buy groceries?
I bar tend at the Charlotte-Douglass airport and the $350 a week (while grateful for) I’ll get from unemployment will barely keep a roof over my head!
Don’t you think that that is mostly priced in though? I mean reality could be more stark than predicted but we can already make some pretty good assumptions about unemployment and model accordingly
Incredibly important and informative thread on what # COVID19 means for states. It’s not pretty: skyrocketing costs, plummeting revenues, and desperate needs for health, unemployment, and fiscal support. h/t @ econjaredhttps://twitter.com/NickCBPP/status/1242167470565318657 …
Democrats Don’t Want To Give Americans Checks During Coronavirus Crisis, Want Expanded Unemployment Benefits Instead – True Pundit ⁦ @ SpeakerPelosi⁩ WTF!!!!!https://truepundit.com/democrats-dont-want-to-give-americans-checks-during-coronavirus-crisis-want-expanded-unemployment-benefits-instead/ …
If you also watched what @ realDonaldTrump said last evening, he would not allow buy backs. Nice try. Big companies are successful and the unemployment rate would skyrocket unless these business are maintained. I’m sure you can’t even fathom what goes into running one
@ OregonGovBrown @ tedwheeler hi, hello: i just got my temporary unemployment statement of benefits, and after taxes they are not going to cover more than rent.
Ohio Lt. Gov. Jon Husted: Trump Labor Dept. asked us ‘not to release our numbers on unemployment’ - Raw Story - https://www.rawstory.com/2020/03/ohio-lt-gov-jon-husted-trump-labor-dept-asked-us-not-to-release-our-numbers-on-unemployment/ …
I am so sorry to hear that. I've been put on self isolation since Friday because I'm high risk & I'm sick as a dog today. I knew I shouldn't have work the past 3 weeks but no choice. Try to do unemployment in the middle of the night. My friend got through at 3AM last night. hugs.
And that congressman is who you talk to about unemployment? If you lose a job, you run to him to get your papers filed?
County government are even furloughing their staff, putting them on the growing unemployment rolls. https://triblive.com/local/regional/butler-county-officials-to-furlough-nonessential-staff/ …
The first round of stimulus passed did put money in federal health care relief, unemployment and in some case healthcare. Also freed up Fema money for states to use at thier discretion. I've worked in medicine all my life and I can say nurses can get paid double thier hourly wage
called a depression Economist warns sharp rise in unemployment could trigger major house price crash https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-03-24/coronavirus-house-prices-to-fall-unemployment-to-double/12082014 … via @ ABCNews
I'm guessing you never had a service job or had to file for unemployment.
@ SpeakerPelosi shame on you. I truly can’t wait until the American people you know the people you serve vote you out and see you in an unemployment line waiting on a check. # PoorLeader
@ fox6now how will the closing on a large scale impact child support on unemployment. Normally if on unemployment you petition the court to have it reduced. Courts being closed and high qty will be applying for UI. This will cause issues
@ BernieSanders You have had my vote from day 1. Where do the 1099 workers like myself fit into this mess? I am without work and cant even get unemployment. I make less than the $23,500 McConnell says you have to make to even think about getting help. How many of us are going to
Over a decade ago, the national recession was in full swing and # unemployment among teens was rising. Learn how # Workforce Development Boards around the nation kicked in to provide youth with summer employment opportunities: https://buff.ly/2J9349Z
I had someone reply to my story about those who risk losing their jobs. Bro we were told to file for unemployment and I cant even do that at my job. If you don't have a necessity of being out for work reasons bc your job is essential don't be out. Only do for when most needed.
Let’s walk in love, truth, honesty & with integrity. Gov’t & employers are responsible for closing wide unemployment & income gaps or economic equality. Affected residents need a fairer & more just workplace with EEO. God hears the cries of the oppressed. He loves justice.
How to file for unemployment when you have the Coronavirus. https://apple.news/A1YJtU38zQs6wRkW0SZeJpg …
Our daughter as well. Told her file for unemployment call student loans. Sad. She is naturally anxious. This has blown her mind. Pass the legislation
It's not a corporate slush fund. They have to pay workers and no executive raises or bonuses. No stock buybacks. And it's for small business too. It preserves the workers in their jobs. Plus there's money for unemployment insurance, hospitals, and schools.
@ KeithMcCullough I believe Trump has seen the numbers for unemployment and it’s 2 times the estimates....he will spend the time prior to release to soft walk us to a restart the country date.
Trump just laid the ground work to veto a bill that doesn’t bail him and corporations out by saying its know worse than the flu and citizens should get unemployment for a couple of weeks but get back to work
What do you think 30% unemployment looks like?
I don’t buy that unemployment will be 40%. I can work from home. A lot of people can. The economy can shift to making stuff we need now to replace some of the jobs.
Old people, children under 12mo, immune compromised, and those generally at risk: shelter in place, avoid contact, offer services/financial support for those most affected. Tanking the economy is going to skyrocket unemployment and homelessness, a lot of people will suffer more.
Why on earth would you contact the city? They have nothing to do with unemployment. My congressman on the other hand is a local representative of the state govt demanding this closure. Not some random Dude I saw asking down the street.
I’ve spent all evening applying for unemployment. What a process
Universal credit has always been about pushing the sick/unemployment and vulnerable into low paid insecure zero hour work under the threat of destitution. It's designed to be so awful that its traumatising, its a modern re imagining of the Victorian Workhouse.
Y’all got more important things to deal with, November is coming, better get ready to apply for unemployment, we are fed up with y’all’s $ hit
It’s just another way to deny unemployment compensation.
"How I Stayed Motivated During Almost 3 Years of Unemployment Guest Post by KatebyFaith" via @ Lady_Unemployed - https://buff.ly/2JavCjr # bloggingmeetup
We're about to have 30% unemployment and this is the shit the left is writing about? https://twitter.com/thehill/status/1242205256349560836 …
The young? I think you mean the millions of people pushed into unemployment, the suicides, the elderly left to die alone, the liberties we thought were our birthright.
It will also collapse the economy, and those worrying about deaths from austerity from the 2008 financial crash have a shock coming - this potentially shuts down most of the world's economy - multiple bankruptcy and unemployment - huge national debts...
4 - • no additional SNAP funds. • no OSHA language to protect workers. • no expanded emergency leave provisions. • only 3 months of unemployment insurance, an insufficient length given the scope of the crisis. • direct Payments are not available to the millions of people ...
If you outta work like me Costco is hiring no interview or nothing, heard starting rate is good too. If you’re filing unemployment then take this time to do all the things you’ve been procrastinating to do. Get into healthy daily routines, focus on your passions, AND DONT BE LAZY
Collecting salary while home during school closings: Option 1: Some states allowing unemployment benefits for this. Option 2: Some employer's are allowing people to use paid sick days. Option 3: A new law has passed to grant paid leave. Details below: https://wp.me/P6tA55-dpE
They’re seeing 30% unemployment for the parents of their students, and the possibility of no fall term.
I thought UBI would be the hot topic of the 2024 cycle, as the automation crisis would be far closer then. Now I'm curious to see if even that will get accelerated by the unemployment and the stimulus bills. Will some use those billions to buy robots instead of keeping employees?
@ bobonfarm Hi Bob. I’m having a very hard time, as my husband lost his job of 42 years, because 2 girls just hated him. So he’s now working part time,& only getting 200 dollars a week,& a little bit of unemployment money. We’re still trying to get our rent caught up,with not
/activating the disaster unemployment assistance program could make a huge impact with very little downside. What is stopping him?!
2 cents: I don't think its the nytimes interview. Could be b/c trump is itching to open back up. But the stock markets are facing the prospect of finding the bottom of 20-30 % unemployment. The virus and govt policy is what the market cares about
DES: The max weekly unemployment stipend is $240 for up to 26 weeks.
Here's what Democrats are voting against: $1,200/Person, $2,400/Couple, $500/Child $250B-Unemployment Insurance $350B- Small Business Loan Program $100B-Hospital Funding $11 B-Vaccine Funding $4.5B-CDC Funding $20B-Veterans Healthcare $12B-K12 Education Funding $5B-FEMA Funding
Then he'd brag about the low unemployment numbers, with so many dead workers.
Currently laid off for 3 weeks, who else going for unemployment?
Right now 1099s are not eligible for unemployment because of the way they pay taxes.
That isn't what the dems are asking for. Most has absolutely nothing to with you and me. They want pork barrel items they can't get any other way. It should not happen and probably won't. Dems are asking for no unemployment protections
To all my loved ones, friends, or even strangers struggling through unemployment, existential dread, or all the above: Take a breather, eat some ice cream, watch Paddington, take a nap, get ready to tackle tomorrow. You’re loved. You’re supported. You’re not alone. pic.twitter.com/KtrqYNoUV2
He also doesn’t want to pay unemployment.
Some life,20-30% unemployment for a decade n1/2 with life expectancy going up and down by a 1/3.China and Wuhan better stay online just as an example it can be stopped.
Step up the medical side necessities, so to fight what’s coming at us. Unemployment, food stamps. $1000 per person is for what, Appropriated how? business Profit or buybacks can help in our crisis and will be rewarded when we all bounce back. Hope for all
Coronavirus Update Charts Show Unemployment Claims In The US https://bitly.com/2WFKyhs
It's really weird seeing co-workers asked to be laid-off so they're able to file for unemployment during the pandemic
I hope in future we can remember what a pristine air environment really means .... mass unemployment and imminent poverty.
In order to do that paychecks would have to be above the cost of living in this country we have more of a problem with under employment than unemployment therefore there is no savings
same i was thinking about doing it too this unemployment shit is not it lol
Dr. Fauci is warning Trump officials NOT to listen to growing push among WH advisers, GOP lawmakers to restart the economy But Trump is alarmed by stock market & impact of high unemployment for 2020 election & weighing easing restrictions https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-signals-growing-weariness-with-social-distancing-and-other-steps-advocated-by-health-officials/2020/03/23/0920ea0a-6cfc-11ea-a3ec-70d7479d83f0_story.html …
COPING WITH COVID EP 2- http://vonmychael.com # laidoff # covid # covıd19 # corona # rona # quarantine # unexpected # unemployment # unemployed # coping # ftp # toiletpapercrisis # happyathome # moodboost # moodbooster # myskinandme # boredathome # selfcare # lifeathome # relationshiptips # fyppic.twitter.com/8LpixHfAgc
How will people work if there are no longer jobs? Even the companies that can stay afloat will have massive layoffs in order to do so. Getting better unemployment will run out at some point, if there are no jobs people can’t feed their children, afford housing, or purchase goods.
Not at all in Sacramento. Most state workers (non essential) are working from home. Plus, I may also (along with hundreds of other state employees) may also be reviewing unemployment applications as well as bringing food to the elderly. We all got a survey from CalHR today.
Americans need aid first before International aid is given, change unemployment rules for part time and independent contractors consultants. # stepup # helpamericans
Ohio stops releasing daily unemployment claims numbers amid coronavirus threat at Trump Administration’s urging https://flip.it/u1HMBC
you could argue wrongful termination to the Texas Workforce to get unemployment benefits. That’s about it. Try to find an attorney that will take a wrongful termination case in Texas. Good luck with that.
I know that must feel scary. I wish the states would classify this as a disaster, and then people could get disaster unemployment benefits. I did that after Katrina. It wasn’t much, but it helped
You don't have to work ..they will lay you off and you can collect unemployment. They can't make you work
What’s going on with unemployment? Calling 2 weeks still can’t get ahold to them . I’m here in Texas
Well, the 50-year unemployment low still stands and I’m not sure what you expect of the economy when states are literally shutting down try again
is Michigan extending unemployment or anything?
When the economy crashes and unemployment goes to 30%+ it’ll be worse lol
So you want people to receive unemployment benefits, AND not get fired by their employer? Wtf is that? https://twitter.com/KevinMKruse/status/1242135643830050821 …
me for the next few months waiting on an unemployment check that is going to take forever because so many people got laid off on the same day. pic.twitter.com/CN1hR9dtID
Well I am getting word that I did not make enough money for the first quarter of this year. Of course Not because my hours were dwindled from 36-22-16-8-0 since the the middle of January 2020! So now no job and unable to get unemployment $
Direct capital injections make the most sense here, the Fed will control the funds, much as they did from 2008-2010. It’s better to keep people on a company’s payroll, getting a paycheck, anyone employed 3/13/20 qualifies, or 30 million people filing for unemployment and COBRA.
What else can he say? He can't sell "winning" or the economy, the unemployment rate, or his "great" leadership. What's he got to sell - nothing. What he's usually selling - Bull Shit. https://twitter.com/JoeNBC/status/1242231971754934274 …
I have one. You are too young to remember the great depression. Unemployment 20% 100's of thousands dead from suicide, malnutrition. St Louis Fed said today we could get to 30% unemployment now. How many will die from that?
Time to start navigating the unemployment system my mom has been trying for days but their servers are bogged down. I’m not having much luck already. This should be fun...
Liar, the bill would have funded companies (large and small) being able to keep their employees on payroll instead of having to lay them off & put them on unemployment. That’s what the ‘corporate funding’ was for.
And, Last week, he, voted yes to Families First Coronavirus Response Act. The bill establishes paid sick leave, free testing, expands food assistance, unemployment benefits, requires employers to protect health care workers. Sanders is doing his job.
i’m really 22 and about to be receiving unemployment benefits lmao i fucking hate it here
There is a correlation between unemployment, poor economy and suicide rates. Get America Working Again https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/promoting-hope-preventing-suicide/201211/did-the-economy-affect-suicide …
Wait until Trump "reopens the country", the stock market is still for shit, unemployment is 30% and the bodies start to stack up. In a country that has more guns than people
Holy shit y'all need to PASS SOMETHING ALREADY. Quit with adding nonsense that has nothing to do with this crisis, and pass a damn relief bill. When unemployment hits 30% will u act? I support the shit out of u, I really do but leadership is risking lives more than usual now
The gift of this county isn’t something that can be measured so easily in GDP, the unemployment rate, or other economic indicators, as important as those are. It’s too must be measured by our capacity as a people to welcome the stranger, help the poor, and care for the sick.
Out of work? Here's what you need to know about applying for unemployment benefits during the coronavirus outbreak: https://on.wsj.com/3bfs6jO
I applied for unemployment and tomorrow I'm looking for remote work
I think we should just shut it down for the rest of the year. Let the economy go down the shitter. Let unemployment go to 60-70%. Let the stock market go down another 30-40%. We should do this annually when flu season ramps up seeing we lose 50-70,000 Americans/yr
30-40 unemployment, i rather die from corona virus than live in those conditions for a long period of time.
Do Not Blame it on the Democrats! You and McConnell and Mnuchin or whatever his name is wants to make sure the Large corporations get money for their bonuses and not their employees. Three extra months unemployment insurance is NOT good!
We need: Unemployment benefits for all $2,000 cash per month per person Ban on evictions and foreclosures Free testing and healthcare Protection of our civil liberties And more
~~3896 cont'd https://www.theepochtimes.com/the-closing-of-21-million-cell-phone-accounts-in-china-may-suggest-a-high-ccp-virus-death-toll_3281291.html … >End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] >Shelter [Biden] public appearance? | | | V
Unemployment benefits have been expanded due to the virus. Contact your city, not a random congressman.
>End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] >Shelter [Biden] public appearances? >Shelter [Biden] debate(s)?
So many questions? Is that the new level at which the full amount is paid and is it a sliding scale from there and is it a temporary measure or staying?? Is it for everyone or just the ‘virus unemployment’?
All but @ GovRonDeSantis Governor of Florida. No plan 2 halt evictions. No plan 4 emergency food stamps. No plan 2 cut red tape 4 unemployment. No plan 2 halt mortgage foreclosures. Only plan is to put people out on the street! Take their jobs & homes! # VotingBooth # RonDeSantis
Because there’s people like me that use finance and economic numbers to buy/short markets... if u want fluff peace... then maybe Sesame Street or the hallmark channel might still be on.. that’s if Elmo hasn’t applied for unemployment
Now lets look at what was in the bill $1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child $250 Billion-Unemployment Insurance $350 B-Small Business Loan Program $100 B-Hospitals $11 B-Vaccines $4.5 B-CDC $20 B-Veterans Healthcare $12 B-K12 Education $5 B-FEMA $10 B-Airports
If someone was working & is laid off or lost their job, they get unemployment benefits. It's a bad situation for everyone, but we have to be fair. I know landlords who are far from rich. They are giving ppl leeway on rent but they can't go months w/out it.
@ AOC @ SenSanders @ RashidaTlaib @ IlhanMN Perhaps an immediate fix if no one is budging....the banks suspending penalties, interest and credit reporting would be a huge help for the middle class who are collecting some unemployment. Typically we can manage until they start to STEAL
$10 tho bitch I’ll curse unemployment out if they give me $10 a week
The Speaker will give # Americans a Genuine Bill that doesn't give Corps Carte Blanche over $500Bil Taxpayer to do Stock Buybacks, Exec Bonuses, Layoffs, No Paid Sick Leave, No Unemployment Benefits & doesn't address Hospitals & 1st Responder protective gear & ventilator needs.
Unemployment is all they can get right now
>End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] >Shelter [Biden] public appearances? >Shelter [Biden] debate(s)? >Push new/revised P_2020 > (Thread)
With Millions Facing Unemployment, Are You Entitled To Centrelink? https://10daily.com.au/news/a200323dyrtx/with-millions-facing-unemployment-are-you-entitled-to-centrelink-20200323 …
I’m pretty sure I fucked up my whole unemployment application (never did it before) but I did it in the middle of the night and the website worked pretty well.
How to # file for # unemployment as coronavirus job losses mount | Fox Business https://www.foxbusiness.com/personal-finance/coronavirus-costs-as-workers-lose-jobs-heres-how-to-file-for-unemployment …
I am afraid he is correct. Mass unemployment leads to increased suicides, stress related illness and death. Look at the jump in suicides alone in Alberta Canada after the Fort Mac Fire when there was massive job loss in the oil sands and related businesses.
All but @ GovRonDeSantis Governor of Florida. No plan 2 halt evictions. No plan 4 emergency food stamps. No plan 2 cut red tape 4 unemployment. No plan 2 halt mortgage foreclosures. Only plan is to put people out on the street! Take their jobs & homes! # VotingBooth # RonDeSantishttps://twitter.com/SenRickScott/status/1242235914543382529 …
Shut up. 8 day extension for my phone bill. Just filed for unemployment after NJ MANDATED restaurants close. Y’all suck
Keep stirring the pot fear mongerer. You idiots won’t be happy until the economy is tanked and we are at 30% unemployment. It’s the only way Joe even has a prayer. Fauci, your savior oversaw the deaths of 12k+ Americans and it took him 6mos to convince Obama it was an emergency.
What You Need To Know About Filing For Unemployment Insurance - HuffPost https://apple.news/A1YJtU38zQs6wRkW0SZeJpg …
This is why we need a whole state shutdown so businesses don’t have to close individually and do unemployment. One whole shutdown and everyone go back together to save the hassle. And all rent or mortgages, electric, water, bills should be waived during shutdown. @ GovHawaiihttps://twitter.com/HawaiiNewsNow/status/1242235741087793152 …
So, why hasn't it been made public knowledge that unemployment applications as well as calls are being automatically denied? Lives are being ruined while they fucking withhold information? I've been trying since the 18th! I have bills and the month is almost over! Wtf people?
I worked 13 years for a company from which I was laid off in 2010. I was earning $15.75 and started at $9.50. I spent two years on unemployment. Most jobs were too far away for too little pay. I was 51. I filed over 1000 resumes and apps. 1/
Economist warns sharp rise in unemployment could trigger major house price crash https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-03-24/coronavirus-house-prices-to-fall-unemployment-to-double/12082014?section=business … via @ ABCNews
and you can file for unemployment benefits. But be careful. (UBI and unemployment are socialist concepts!) Scary, isn't it?
Where did you hear of a United bailout in 2019? That's crazy. Who do you think the middle class work for, Alex? Yup, it's corporations. Small bus. must be aided but so must corps unless you want the whole nation in the unemployment and bread line like Bernie would.
This should pass. What was a $1000 going to do for people who's job ended. Funding the federal unemployment insurance is the right thing to do.
or forbearance. Other Major Problems: • No money for state and local governments. • No additional SNAP funds. • No OSHA language to protect workers. • No expanded emergency leave provisions. • Only 3 months on Unemployment Insurance – this is an insufficient length given the
My husband was let go from his job on Friday, he is applying to different places, and filed for unemployment already but it takes time and he was the only income for our family of four.
Dear Bengalis, your parents, grandparents lived through war, famine, epidemic, genocide, ethnic cleansing, mass unemployment, Maoist insurgency. Staying at home with your children for a few weeks cannot be that hard
So you get endless unemployment and 1000 dollar check and that isn’t enough, I know all these people that are laid off are worrying about what corporations are gonna do. They just want to live
NEW: In Arizona, there are typically 3,500 unemployment insurance applications per week; last week the Department of Economic Security said it received over 29,000 applications. # azfamily # consumer # 3OnYourSide
One more week of holiday left for me. Then I go back to my place and assess the situation. Do I have any work or do I file unemployment? Stay tuned. pic.twitter.com/1sPDbuGs6G
So sorry to hear that Hails. Hope you can get your Unemployment filed and approved quickly and that this is temporary for you!
you are the least transparent president to ever sit in the white house..tax returns? Maralago visitor's log? the amount of taxpayer $$ spent at your private elitist clubs, you are shutting the unemployment report, you are a scam artist nothing more than a polished scam artist
Not so long ago the government was pushing everyone into employment. Now the government is pushing everyone into unemployment. https://twitter.com/lewis_goodall/status/1242214989500383238 …
Just found out that because Thomas is a contract worker for the church, he doesn’t qualify for unemployment during this time. So that’s great
First episode of Unemployment with Grace is UP, babes! Today we're talking about UNEMPLOYMENT RESOURCES this is a clip, but full video is here: https://youtu.be/UqjoVdrbY5I # unemploymentwithgrace # unemployment… https://www.instagram.com/p/B-GF5ziABL4/?igshid=1gjukqj5cyl97 …
He's trying to perform CPR on his economic numbers. Without a thriving Wall Street + higher unemployment, his chances of reelection are in the toilet.
Labor demands national Centrelink hotline as workers again line up to register for unemployment benefits https://www.sbs.com.au/news/labor-demands-national-centrelink-hotline-as-workers-again-line-up-to-register-for-unemployment-benefits?cid=newsapp:socialshare:twitter … @ SBSNews
I'm not sure that is correct. Honestly he has done a lot of good for America. Unemployment is (was) down, He has stepped up whenever needed. Tbh he has has delt with more in 1 term then most USA presidents deal with in their time in office, and he has delt with the issues well
how well are they going to be without a income?.....I agree stay home if your sick but people have to work..they have to have money to buy food, keep a roof over their heads and just closing everything down without some way for people to earn money or have unemployment insurance
I think the Dem plan to review 200 Million unemployment claims is more “prudent”.
"You can't have a 20 percent unemployment rate if 20 percent of the population dies!" https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236675927019520 …
Try again. The bill would have made it easier to qualify for unemployment and extended the time a person could be on it. Also who do you think many people work for? Big corporations.
How To Access Unemployment And Other Government Benefits Right Now: https://www.onenewspage.com/n/US/1zlqy7538l/How-To-Access-Unemployment-And-Other-Government-Benefits.htm …
Most people see value in continuing to get a paycheck from their employer and benefits over being fired and running to unemployment Rents do which is why you're gonna let the democrats basically turn us into a welfare state... That's gonna be great long term
Pelosi Schumer are trying to blackmail POTUS into doing what they want him to do which is not for the American people but will benefit Them only! What Schumer is suggesting will wipe out business, esp small businesses. Unemployment insurance for the next 9 mo-ballot harvesting-
If you’re considering filing for unemployment, read this. https://apple.news/A1YJtU38zQs6wRkW0SZeJpg …
Corporate slush funds with complete secrecy. Withholding small business money from going to providers that take Medicaid. Only 3 months unemployment insurance. No money to help the uninsured. No money for state or local gov., ETC But yeah, blame the democrats. Lol. Disgusting.
Never have I ever filed for unemployment.. had to file that shit 4 times till I got it right.
Economist warns sharp rise in unemployment could trigger major house price crash http://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-03-24/coronavirus-house-prices-to-fall-unemployment-to-double/12082014 …
If we still are forced to be at home by that date then a lot of people are going to be desperate for entertainment. Of course, if that's the case unemployment might be 30% by that time in which case I don't know how many people are going to want to spend $65 on a fight. https://twitter.com/jedigoodman/status/1242236017404309504 …
It's not a bailout its a loan to stay afloat. Let's say Southwest goes under that is 60K people without a job. Let's look at how much unemployment is going to cost until they can get another job. Do the math. Giving companies a 500B loan is better than 500B in unemployment
What I'm saying is, if you help 1 group (the renters) it hurts another group (the landlords). Neither is at fault. If the landlord can't pay insurance, gas & electric etc that isn't good for the renter. If ppl aren't working they can get extended unemployment benefits.
well first of all, i certainly agree that high unemployment leads to greater deaths by suicide, that's an indisputable fact. but to say that it would lead to more deaths than covid-19 (which is what his statement is saying) is simply not true
It’s a legit question that throwing 2T dollars at banks and a couple G’s at families won’t really fix. It’ll stave off madness, but there needs to be a secondary plan for when we hit double digits unemployment.
"He is worried about the impact of soaring unemployment numbers and severe economic contraction on his 2020 reelection bid, and fielded phone calls for much of the weekend from alarmed business leaders. He remains fixated on the plummeting stock market, is chafing. ." ADD, ADHD
Website to file unemployment claims in Ohio crashes due to ‘high volume’ during coronavirus pandemic https://www.cleveland19.com/2020/03/23/website-file-unemployment-claims-ohio-crashes-due-high-volume/ …
Lt. Gov. Husted asks for patience when applying for unemployment benefits via 10TV FYI I am not opening any envelopes, checking my email because I even heard you can get a virus in there;)so I expect patience in writing from you Mr Husted, then you mine https://www.10tv.com/article/lt-gov-husted-asks-patience-when-applying-unemployment-benefits-2020-mar …
people will get unemployment and food stamps faster than any help from the stimulus package anyways. Nancy Pelosi needs to hold tight.
People are getting laid off left and right and it’s so unfortunate. People have bills to pay and children to feed and most people can’t even live off unemployment.
if it wasn't for unemployment, i'd last in LA maybe 2 months at most.
Yea but the debt will be 10 trillion, unemployment 35% and the markets will have burned anyone remotely interested.
Need assistance filing for Unemployment: https://apple.news/A1YJtU38zQs6wRkW0SZeJpg …
Correlation between unemployment, poor economy and suicide. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/promoting-hope-preventing-suicide/201211/did-the-economy-affect-suicide …
Helpful information if you’re needing to file for unemployment right now: https://apple.news/A1YJtU38zQs6wRkW0SZeJpg …
File for unemployment that’s good advice
How To File For Unemployment If You've Been Affected By Coronavirus Layoffs | HuffPost Life https://www.huffpost.com/entry/how-to-file-unemployment-coronavirus-layoffs_l_5e715af3c5b6eab7793e447b …
quit your job before it klls you and go on unemployment like the rest of the country
I got the document telling me how much ill make a week on unemployment....definitely gonna open commissions soon
Trump will lose self control during press conferences which are not rallies. He lost great economy & unemployment records. Not lots of positives left for his 1st term as president. He is losing money even tax dollars not visiting his properties every weekend.
Just wait until there is 20%+ unemployment and @ SpeakerPelosi is jerking Americans around. You are probably right
Here in Ohio we are being destroyed by the amount of layoffs. The unemployment website has crashed due to overload. I get the importance but people think just losing a job for awhile is ok. Some of the businesses will never return. Saving lives is first...but it comes at a cost
Well I am getting word that I did not make enough money for the first quarter of this year. Of course Not because my hours were dwindled from 36-22-16-8-0 since the the middle of January 2020! So now no job and unable to get unemployment $
(Part 4) During the depression roughly 40k people committed suicide (which would equate to over 100k today) while others died from illness and malnutrition. when the economy tanks like this and unemployment skyrockets, looting, theft, fraud, violence, and much more ensues.
Unemployment insurance is flawed. Trump's coronavirus relief plan won't fix it - Reuters Herald @https://is.gd/0k7gfP pic.twitter.com/PaaW8wosBy
All yal hoes seeking for attention on social media lol . Go to work bitch. Oh I forgot they told yal to apply for unemployment # BrokeAssBitches # TaxMoneyRanOut
Get that unemployment paperwork ASAP. Don’t wait
Given the way unemployment offices are getting overwhelmed, maybe they could hire some more people?
Wait until unemployment hits 30%. How will human lives be affected by that?
So like didn't make unemployment claim bc locked out of account and unemployment is only open from 8am to 12pm instead of extending hours due to the influx of claims. Will i ever be able to collect LET'S SEE
I always blame both. And a got a job but I’m worried about some friends that are hurting. I was also off 3 years in a row. And I know how bad it is. And here the highest unemployment you can get is $330 a week. I had to Live on that 3 times and ex took $220 of it
OMG...sound like the government is giving us food vouchers!! COmpany win? TV is saying give the restaurant your proof of unemployment and you get food?
Giving to the public for once, cut off 198k, we'll spend it GDP boost. This crisis has been an unexpected expense, unemployment + the cash. Housing expenses average 1.5k in US, a breakeven.
Yes because *contract workers* won’t qualify for unemployment when they’re done with them.
>End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] >Shelter [Biden] public appearances? >Shelter [Biden] debate(s)?
I'm Sad so many unemployment and layoffs going around in portland entire area
You would think being in corporate dentistry and a lead position, a bitch would get paid these 2 weeks of being off.. NOPE! Told me to go file unemployment.
20% to 30% unemployment will have a long term catastrophic health implications. It can and will lead to poverty, which will then cause hopelessness. That will correlate to mental and emotional instability such as depression, drug addiction & suicide. # whitehousePressconference
During these trying & unprecedented times (CV-19), with schools closing, businesses having to shut down, unemployment, fear, concern, upset, uncertainty, insecurity.. pic.twitter.com/qe41AL7IMM
He's at the unemployment office. https://twitter.com/DearAuntCrabby/status/1242228928577757189 …
I'm pretty sure we're all aware of that, but it's worth reinforcing the point. I suspect he's weighing different approaches to keeping unemployment low. One of the top options is to kill us all.
(part 3) That and the fact that over 281,000 people filed for unemployment last week (the highest rate of unemployment filings in a single week ever) it’s pretty obvious that the measures we’re taking to prevent the spread of the virus is having some drastic consequences.
So bottom line is we will forge ahead regardless of victims or deaths b/c his unemployment &the stock market could ruin the economy! IT'S ALWAYS BEEN ABOUT THE NUMBERS TO HELP HIS ELECTION EVEN WHEN PEOPLE'S LIVES R AT STAKE! # TrumpSlushFund markets got to be up& running PERIOD!$$
The Dems announced a counterproposal that would temporarily increase unemployment insurance benefits, and bar companies from using the $ to buy back stocks and/or give $1million bonuses to their presidents/CEOs. If those go in the GOP bill, its perfect IMO
20% Unemployment rate with a workforce of 249M equates to 50M people out of work - how many suicides, crimes, etc., Imagine the civil unrest! At 40% unemployment you are looking at 100M people out of work! That is what @ realDonaldTrump is eluting to
Who works for corporations ? Are you talking about the same corporations that are stepping up making ventilators and masks , or are you talking about the evil corporations that employ tens of thousands employees that are trying to keep there employees from the unemployment line ?
Bullard Says Unemployment Could Rise to 30% https://www.breitbart.com/economy/2020/03/23/bullard-says-unemployment-could-rise-to-30/ …
The unemployment office is on overtime
Haha like okay you’re cool get used to that unemployment life brah
Brb just gotta cry over my nonexistent sick hours and not being able to file for unemployment benefits real quick
When are you going to freeze rents?! And extend unemployment to contract and gig workers?! @ dctenants # coronavirus # dc
Yes. We are going to see record unemployment.
Y'all applying for unemployment is a fucking CHORE and if I ever hear the term "welfare queens" after this fucking pandemic shit is over I don't know what I'll do bc filling out the paperwork and forms every week is FAR more hassle than it’s worth to MAYBE get smol $$$ from gov
You can find unemployment benefits contact information for all three states at the link below. They may have info on what to do. https://www.careeronestop.org/WorkerReEmployment/UnemploymentBenefits/unemployment-benefits.aspx … Or you can call your local American Job Center in each state. You can find AJCs in NY, KY and OH here: http://careeronestop.org/FindJobCenters
@M3mesSpaghetti Yo bro what do you think of this whole virus everything shutting down shit. I'm on unemployment myself fuckin crazy
So the sales side of my job closed today, if service closes than shit is really serious and I might have to apply for unemployment
(Part 2) The highest unemployment rate in American history was in 1933 at 24.9%, followed by 1932 at 23.6%, 1934 at 21.7%, 1935 at 20.1%. Those are the only years on record that unemployment has been over 20% - the number Mnuchin recently warned we may be approaching with this.
You KNOW I ain’t that nigga. He was getting unemployment it ain’t like he wasn’t bringing shit in.
This is unacceptable! The Self employed won’t be able to collect unemployment but the employees of the daycare will and the owners of the business can claim it on their insurance. I’m so sorry that this is happening to you and so many others...stay strong!
Mercedes Benz is Closed I have to file unemployment I have NO Income! MAGA
Not a damn thing, I am holding on by a thread. Michigan shut down for 3 weeks today. I live pay check to pay check and have no savings and cannot collect unemployment.
10%. Fed said unemployment could reach 30%. nationally.
Friends, I lived off of unemployment payments and food stamps for a significant period of time in my 20s. I know everyone’s situation is different, but my DMs are open if you have questions or want to talk. # laidoff # unemployment # NationalLockdown
For context, at the height of the Great Depression unemployment capped at 24.9%
So if he says it’s time to go back to work, and we want to stay home, do we Lose any unemployment or sick leave benefits we may be entitled to?
Oh sorry, I thought you were talking about the real world, where everyone who gets unemployment benefits has to meet stringent job seeking requirements.
I’d rather a certain amount of elderly pass away as they would with any other illness the came into contact with then to have the economy be destroyed with mass unemployment. If you don’t think that would lead to depression, much more crime and suicide then you are an idiot.
All bills should temporarily shut down, really. No one should have to figure out if they can afford rent/mortgage or food next week because they’re not working and rumor has it a lot of people are getting turned down for unemployment so I dont know what is happening
If only there were a populist candidate pushing massive social welfare programs, including universal healthcare. Might be a good fit in a world with 30% unemployment and a deadly pandemic. Maybe media should work on manufacturing consent for it, for the next round of primaries.
Can anyone tell me: are some unemployment requirements waived, especially the need to apply for at least two positions/week to continue to qualify for payments?
(Part 1) To stop the spread of the virus, we have made decisions that have tanked the economy in record time. We’ve gone from historic low unemployment to levels that may be approaching that of The Great Depression.
Wait what? The issue is that if they don’t get money they have to lay people off. If they get money and still lay people off, you’re gonna see record unemployment and a bloodbath in November.
I agree they will try but they also have bigger issues like possibly 12% unemployment, falls are inevitable
Hey, many of you know me. I've been laid off for a while. It looks like longer now. Taking care of 2 on unemployment and three friends that are untested and sick, bring them food. Pantry is really low and I know I can get by with a little help from you. I will # PayItForward.
The thing I find most confounding is we are doing something that the global market system has never experienced. There is an unknown variable which is what happens when unemployment goes from 3% to 20% in 2 months and 650+ billion dollars ($) is lost.
@ realDonaldTrump is bored with the virus pandemic. He’s ready to move on. He was not interested in the stay at home guidelines in the first place. The bruising stock market and unemployment are his markers. Lost lives are collateral damage. @ WhiteHouse @ GOP @ DNC
Does the 3 to 5 million dead counter the 40% unemployment? Asking for a friend.
Richard Burr tells North Carolina you don't need health care or unemployment insurance. While he is making millions from illegal insider trading. He needs to go to jail like they did to Martha Stewart.
Spoopy Night! These games scare me more than unemployment... https://twitch.tv/milamor90
When do breadlines for everyone start since we can’t get through the unemployment site. Please do a story on this! A simple twitter search will show you. I’ll gladly be in your report.
I think we’ll see a 40% drop (SPY = 200) before its over. The unemployment and reduction in growth will be shocking when numbers are reported.
Sooo, lay off was official today due to Shelter in Place order issued by PA Gov Wolf this afternoon. Unemployment already filed & I am determined to NOT stress. I will take these next 2 weeks of enforced isolation with Chef as a vacation!
@ DiversifyNevada Millions of ppl.lost their job bc Coronavirous. The feds.tells to go into Unemployment.YET THE UNEMPLOYMENT HERE IN NEVADA send us letters telling us to go get a job & make applications in order for us to get benefits.(??????)
@ TheStoryKGW I'm a substitute teacher. I was scheduled to work full time for the next 10 weeks. Where do I fall in all this? Will I be paid like the other district employees or do I apply for unemployment? My district doesn't even seem to know how to answer this question?
Saying Pelosi is ruled by satan is far from constructive or helpful. Why should the corporations get the bulk of the help rather than the people? # TrickleUpEconomics. People needs unemployment checks. A good portion of these funds should bolster that. People can’t pay their rent.
From Arizona’s Department of Economic Security. Unemployment insurance on a typical week = 3,500 applications. Unemployment insurance last week = 29,000 applications # fox10phoenixpic.twitter.com/W9N0gn6TO3
Unemployment in Wisconsin is skyrocketing as businesses are forced to close, and workers are furloughed and laid off. WORT producer @ shaunmsoman has more. Listen here:https://www.wortfm.org/seeking-answers-madison-residents-face-uncertainty-in-unemployment/ …
more like... 1.0% of 50,000 dead VS. 30% unemployment only people in Government or groceries would have jobs # COVID19
We are discussing unemployment again this evening!
Have you attempted to apply for unemployment?
European countries have more worker protections but they also have higher unemployment and lower wages. There's no free lunch. Be responsible and save for a rainy day.
Day 1 of unemployment: unscribe from any + all retail emails. It’s not goodbye, it’s see you later @ Nike + @ lululemon.
St. Louis Fed chief: GDP may shrink 50%, with unemployment hitting 30% in the second quarter. Morgan Stanley sees a 30% contraction, driving unemployment to 12.8%. Goldman: projected a 24% drop and expects global GDP to fall about 1% this year. # COVID19https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-22/top-economists-see-some-echoes-of-depression-in-u-s-sudden-stop …
Lmao I’m buying a new game every week with my little unemployment check
This has a whole new meaning 10 days later. # foodinsecurity and # malnutrition will become much bigger issues in the US as ppl lose access to institutional # foodservice with lockdown and need to feed themselves, meanwhile # unemployment means no money to do so. https://twitter.com/Jorja_Collins/status/1238614815783804928 …
Unemployment needs a better set up!
I'm glad it's not my call. 20-30 million people are about to lose their jobs--not furloughed, laid off. 20 million more if it goes 8 wks. We will have 30+% unemployment. Economy worse than the Great Depression, and it will takes 2+ yrs to recover. No right answer here.
Small businesses employ most Americans and they're going under right now because of the lockdown and along with them most jobs. We're looking at a 30% unemployment rate, at the height of the great depression we had 24% unemployed. (2/4)
The maximalists on this — the restrictionists and anti-restrictionists — should say how high they think unemployment will go and how many they expect to die.
My “take”- This panic is caused by a virus and not fiscal policy. Strongest economy ever and lowest unemployment in 50 years....it SHOULD rebound back pretty quickly. I like to be an optimist in this situation
Look up the suicide rate before and during the great depression. Look up the suicide rate now. A depression will last longer than the outbreak. A depression will kill more people than the virus. It ain't about muh stonks, it's about unemployment (1/4) https://twitter.com/shoe0nhead/status/1242232718752129028 …
"Big Labor provisions" means paid leave guaranteed to workers if their workplace shuts down or if they have to self-quarantine due to COVID-19, and expanding unemployment qualifications so more people can file. "Big Labor provisions" are exactly what workers need right now. https://twitter.com/jason_howerton/status/1242128401273704453 …
Just Now: Trump is Spooked and Freaking Out during WH press conference!! "Mass Suicide?" How Bad is Unemployment Data!!!! $ dow $ spy @ cnbc # cnbc @ jimcramer @ realDonaldTrump @ vp @ CDCgov @ nypost @ washingtonpost @ cnn # BreakingNews # NYSE @ NYSE
No way?! Is it temporarily unemployment until # COVIDー19 is under control?
Time to budget. Both my husband and I are facing at least 3 months of unemployment. It took some creativity, but we came up with a plan to make what we have cover the next three months. If everyone had a plan to make things stretch, we'd all feel calmer. Budget to feel better.
.....then he said we'd rather see you sick or dead than to keep hurting my beautiful economy and unemployment numbers. Sick s.o.b.
@ SenCortezMasto Millions of ppl.lost their job bc Coronavirous. The feds.tells to go into Unemployment.YET THE UNEMPLOYMENT HERE IN NEVADA send us letters telling us to go get a job & make applications in order for us to get benefits.(??????)
“Let those with a lower risk to the disease return to work” is actually chilling. For people with higher risk: unemployment/death.
If Dem Govs are keeping things closed, he’s likely to refuse relief $$ to them. No unemployment or Medicaid.
The state had lifted the mandatory 1 week waiting period for filing for unemployment
https://www.theepochtimes.com/the-closing-of-21-million-cell-phone-accounts-in-china-may-suggest-a-high-ccp-virus-death-toll_3281291.html … >End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] >Shelter [Biden] public appearances? >Shelter [Biden]
How tf do y’all live off these little ass unemployment checks omg won’t even pay a full month worth of bills
...Trump on the other hand is speaking to send people back to work ( our country is not made to be shutdown). He is only concerned with the economic numbers. Not the people effected by those unemployment numbers....just the numbers. Because the economic downturn looks bad for him
2% growth isn’t great and unemployment was on a downward trend before the orange orangutan took office
Stolen from Craig Bowers Don't buy the hype. Chuck Schumer laid it all out... The Dems want... 4 months of pay based on earnings as in 4 months of paycheck sized checks as part of an expanded unemployment package. # SenateDemocrats # GOPSlushFund
Oh man - I’m so sorry. Remember there’s online unemployment filing & special open MnSure enrollment period.
The House Elf population is going to be devastated by unemployment during these desperate times.
Exactly why is the Senate reconvening Wednesday? People are dying from this disease daily. The economy is collapsing. Right now munis are in trouble, nearly the safest investment there is. Unemployment will be at minimum 6.5% this month, probably higher. It was 3.7%.
Well, (1) it’s North Carolina Department of Public Safety (NCDPS) now, and (2) it would be real weird if I applied for unemployment benefits from them.
Who's not going to Max unemployment first
@ RepStefanik Correlation between unemployment, poor economy and suicide. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/promoting-hope-preventing-suicide/201211/did-the-economy-affect-suicide …
Self-employed workers can’t get any info on what might or might not be in the Senate Bill whereas my representative told me very clearly the house bill includes unemployment for 1099 workers. Can you write something for this segment? The media silence is deafening.
Youll be getting unemployment though, right?
Just heard on local news State has been told not to report unprecedented number of unemployment claims so far this month to the press. While telling media they can't handle the volume of online & phone claims. Pathetic! We deserve the truth!!
BREAKING James Bullard, the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, predicts the U.S. unemployment rate will reach 30% in the second quarter of this year. During the Great Depression, unemployment was at 25%. https://buff.ly/39b7gAz
The money I did save is gone by next week and bills keep coming with me and my wife's jobs closed no more money coming so unemployment filed this morning we need money now or the Gap in money will cripple more people than they realize.
Wrong # Communism each according to their ability each according to their needs. It is about being free from unemployment poverty racism and homelessness Having free education Health care utilities and collective responsibility via consensus & path from # Socialism
The great depression had almost none of the safety nets our nanny state does. Unemployment insurance and EBT, 401K's that can be tapped.
Don’t worry it will get done. Just file for unemployment right now. If you have to blame someone, blame both sides. But voting for Jill Stein is a waste of time.
>End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] # QAnon # WWG1WGA # MAGA # KAG
I have to file for unemployment because I’m not able to work until May 1
If there is 30%-40% unemployment you don’t think people will commit suicide? Are you dense?
Unemployment in Australia is now growing exponentially. @ smh reports we’ll soon get to 15%. Pay support for casuals/gig workers needed immediately, not weeks away. With face-to-face customer businesses compulsorily closed employers have no choice but to lay people off.https://twitter.com/ayrestim/status/1242031811196112896 …
$spookydreew unemployment hasn’t responded
I love not qualifying for unemployment. It’s my favorite. Really.
I was asked for proof of unemployment today # COVIDー19 # edd # CoronaLockdownpic.twitter.com/4wJ04A2lNs
losing your job or having your hours cut to zero is absolutely terrible, but if unemployment insurance can be expanded and expedited while you still have $ from your last check, the pain can be mitigated and bills delayed so you can tread water until the checks arrive in april
President has 0 impact on the stock market, 0 impact on pandemics occurring, and 0 impact on unemployment from said pandemic. Obama was responsible for the worsening of race relations, source: all time highs at the end of Bush and 50 year lows at the end of Obama.
Unemployment is hardly worse than 11 million dead Americans. I dare someone to disagree with that statement.
So that’s a “no”. My workers are signing up for unemployment.
Peace Corps Volunteers under COVID19 evacuation orders aren't eligible for unemployment benefits. The Department of Labor ruled Corps Volunteers are not covered under Title II of the Emergency Jobs and Unemployment Assistance Act of 1974, Public Law 93-567.88, Stat. 1845. Fixit?
I see liberal governors doing this to keep the spike in unemployment up to hurt Trump before the election, but we're not stupid, we know it won't be his fault.
It’s so he can blame the Dems for unemployment and poor economy 3 months from now bc they waited too long.
So my unemployment got denied. That was nice. The state has already contacted me to say they may have fucked up but I have to wait 3 days to find out what happened. # Quarantine # UnemploymentFun CAN YOU ALL JUST STAY HOME SO WE CAN GET THROUGH THIS AND I CAN WORK AGAIN, FUCK
@ W7VOA Millions of ppl.lost their job bc Coronavirous. The feds.tells to go into Unemployment.YET THE UNEMPLOYMENT HERE IN NEVADA send us letters telling us to go get a job & make applications in order for us to get benefits.(??????)
“Everything will be okay! Just hang out at home an-“ listen, I have NO INCOME I am incredibly stressed about that, I can’t sign up for unemployment! Fuck off
>End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?]
Wanna know where there is no unemployment? Animal crossing.
Over 10,000 New Mexico Residents File for Unemployment - U.S. News & World Report https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/new-mexico/articles/2020-03-20/remote-work-is-not-an-option-for-some-in-courts-corrections … via @ GoogleNews
And if you don't go back to work under these dangerous circumstances you will be fired from your job and will not get any unemployment insurance.
Again, I reiterate, what kind of unemployment benefits can I expect as a self-employed individual ordered to close my shop? @ RoyCooperNC @ WRAL @ NCCapitol
Employees love their paychecks. Let’s keep them on the payroll rather than cramming the unemployment offices (who need employer’s validation).
Been listening to a ton of CNBC and 20% unemployment is a common number.
No I won’t be paid, I’m going to be looking into unemployment. Jeremy’s job is doing the same and he tried to file for unemployment the other day and the website just kept crashing on him.
People would go nuts. Unemployment would skyrocket. Just aviation and tourism in this country accounts for 14% of GDP and 238,000 jobs. That's Two Hundred Thirty Eight Thousand Jobs. What happens when that many people get fired over the next months? MAYHEM, that's what.
One of my clients texted me today telling me she’s sending me $500 cash bc she knows I don’t get paid if I’m not working and unemployment ain’t shit compared to what I make in commission & tips at the salon.
If I'm fired, so be it. I won't file for unemployment. Others need that money more than my family does. If they want me back when all this is over I will be there for the customers and coworkers I have come to love.
Self-employed workers can’t get any info on what might or might not be in the Senate Bill whereas my representative told me very clearly the house bill includes unemployment for 1099 workers. Can you write something for this segment? The media silence is deafening.
The economy is 100% worth saving but not at the cost of life. People need to be protected over the value of a dollar but when this virus is behind us I’d rather not see the country plunge into a high unemployment rate driven depression. thats not exactly the goal here either
One economist told @ NPR at the time: "In areas where the unemployment rate is growing faster, mortality rates decline faster. So during the Great Recession in the U.S., we saw increases in the unemployment rate of about 4-5 percentage points..."
Top 1% employee millions of people. Sen Bill was structured for them to retain their employees on payroll so they wouldn't have to use unemployment.Big businesses get lots of support from small business on a local level.I know you're reaching, but your arms just aren't that long
$ gld finally catching a bid. Gotta believe bottom is in for the most part. $ gdx having some trouble eod with $ nem cutting some near term production due to virus. Also saw $ inmd with a nice pr but juggling between stimulus passing and thursday unemployment #'s, maybe thurs aft buy
Correlation between unemployment, poor economy and suicide. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/promoting-hope-preventing-suicide/201211/did-the-economy-affect-suicide …
When do you suppose the dim Dems will recognize that targeting and strangling business results in rampant unemployment; outsourcing and decreased “self reliance” by America; and an increase in income gaps...oh wait, u suppose that’s their goal # VoteDemsOut
Man this is either a flip-flop or he's just really struggling with his decision. Imagine having to be THE guy to decide on either 30% unemployment or 2% dead.
I work in a field where we do not qualify for unemployment assistance. We are all searching for work but it's hard to find. A local poker room has set up a relief fund. If you can donate at all it is greatly appreciated. # RT # pokerdealers # ReliefFundhttps://fullhousepoker.org/
ATTN: If you work in NY Nightlife, please fill out this survey ASAP. Rafael is trying to help freelancers get unemployment benefits and other financial assistance but he needs this feedback to advocate on our behalf. Spread the word. Thanks! https://twitter.com/RLEspinal/status/1241439376007147526 …
Centrelink unemployment crisis will soon be followed by the rental crisis as people become unable to pay their rent with projected increases of homelessness to rise by 185,000. Stupid Scumo has even thought of this much less planned. SNAFU management of the LNP.
What are u talking about humor? We have been helping people access unemployment benefits all week. What else can people do in that situation.
got rejected for unemployment $$. what the hell we gonna do now
New # Q Was this what was intended END POTUS rally(s) & econ gains? Unemployment GAINS? End POTUS [A, B, C, D,..] WEAKEN prior to P_elec? DELAY / trade? prefs Joe[+VP] as P?] SHELTER [Joe] public appearances & debate(s)? PUSH NEW/REVISED P_2 # FIGHThttps://www.theepochtimes.com/the-closing-of-21-million-cell-phone-accounts-in-china-may-suggest-a-high-ccp-virus-death-toll_3281291.html …
Unemployment numbers have reached historical highs. Take that statistic and put it in your pipe.
Unemployment and homelessness are also HUGE drivers of depression and suicide, so its not wrong to say suicides will go up if ppl stay out of work and lose there homes. Just have to decide how much of that risk we can take compared to risk of virus. Right now virus ways more
My sister had the same problem with the WI unemployment site
Unemployment presents: a switch and AC from my boyfriend
Man I've done nothing but work since I got out of high school, paid my taxes, never took a dime from unemployment. But now I might for once in my life need some help due to unforeseen circumstances. You can make all the right choices and still have shit sneak up on you.
Peace Corps Volunteers under COVID19 evacuation orders aren't eligible for unemployment benefits. The Department of Labor ruled Corps Volunteers are not covered under Title II of the Emergency Jobs and Unemployment Assistance Act of 1974, Public Law 93-567.88, Stat. 1845. Fixit?
Should put CASH into unemployment insurance fund. If INDIVIDUALS have lost income due to pandemic, apply for recurring payment for duration of pandemic. Adjust eligibility rules for duration of pandemic. No corp$ so long as unemployment insurance fund is making their "payroll".
1. It's clear already that the pre-corona economy is not sustainable (e.g. 2.5M Americans filled unemployment forms) and we won't get the supply-demand match as before immediately. There's also a big consumer confidence drop and credit won't be as available as before. 3/5
landlords are honestly threatening ppl rn in a time like this im not even surprised but wtf can we do if someone cant afford their rent and cannot get unemployment but landlords are gonna add late fees on top of likely evicting ppl as soon as they can taking security deposits
Nah, it wouldn't surprised me if, before this is over, unemployment numbers beggared those of the Great Depression. The economy will tank, nothing can stop it, I doubt we can do much to cushion the blow. We have to start planning recovery now.
Greg won't be in the unemployment line. His office will just be closed. Screech is actually unemployed, as he doesn't have actual business other than scamming idiots like you.
Out of the nearly $2 trillion stimulus package to provide health care, and economic POVERTY aid amidthe coronavirus outbreak and national shutdown of American daily life. Checks and Unemployment The true, Considerate, Compassion and Fair is $1,000,000 to every AMERICAN Citizen pic.twitter.com/VzgKUup5II
Damn. I wonder if it still applies in a situation like this, however. Hard to know what to do but a couple more weeks of safety likely aren’t going to have the same effect as routine unemployment. Sure hope not anyway
Dakota! I will send you a link on Facebook, that just got approved by the governor yesterday, to be able to draw unemployment because of this, and much more to help more than use to it!!! Read it.
I was on a Facebook mom group and someone asked “what happens if I can’t pay my rent during this pandemic?” Someone said..”you have to! File for unemployment if you don’t have a job..AND MOST IMPORTANT..PRAY” I wanted to punch this bitch in the face.
please for the love of god if you are going to complain about working rn don’t post about it. I guarantee someone who follows you is filing for unemployment rn because their job can’t stay open. But yet ur complaining about making money.
NGL, if I were a landlord I'd be trying hard to keep tenants rn even if they can't pay just to keep my current prices vs (best case) price crash cos the market's crashed due to 30% unemployment and a glut of property or (worst case) turning them into Maoist revolutionaries...
Wait until the unemployment numbers pop later this week and the jobs report for March on the first Friday in April. It will be readily apparent that shuttering the American economy for a pro-longed period of time is not tenable.
85% Autism unemployment is unacceptable: how to help https://blogs.psychcentral.com/aspergers-nld/2020/03/85-autism-unemployment-is-unacceptable-how-to-help/ … # Asperger039sResources # Aspergers
GND would create thousands of new jobs to counteract what might be Great Depression-levels of unemployment and better prepare the US for climate-induced disasters (not unlike what we're experiencing now) of the near future.
3/ # Maine @ SenatorCollins urges passage of # coronavirus aid, including her $350B for small biz loans: “We need to respond now to keep small businesses open, so their employees are getting paychecks, and we need to boost unemployment insurance, we need to help our school systems."
Peace Corps Volunteers under COVID19 evacuation orders aren't eligible for unemployment benefits. The Department of Labor ruled Corps Volunteers are not covered under Title II of the Emergency Jobs and Unemployment Assistance Act of 1974, Public Law 93-567.88, Stat. 1845. # Fixit
America. ..File For Unemployment. .There's Not a job on earth worth your life ...Do not return back to work
@ BretBaier The correlation between unemployment, poor economy and suicide. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/promoting-hope-preventing-suicide/201211/did-the-economy-affect-suicide …
The he’s making is that that’s a DEPRESSION, not a recession. The unemployment rate was 25% at the peak of the Great Depression, if this goes on much longer the toll on the economy will be much, much worse.
Exactly. I’m so fIng pissed off right now you have no idea. They parade dewine and that “bimbo” dr every afternoon. Half our state is going to be bankrupt. I can’t even get through to unemployment sure. 4 hours now
Economist warns sharp rise in unemployment could trigger major house price crash https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-03-24/coronavirus-house-prices-to-fall-unemployment-to-double/12082014?section=business … via @ ABCNews
time to apply for unemployment pic.twitter.com/OcGgwQ0BM8
Unemployment could reach 9% this year. In a typical recession, each percentage point increase in unemployment translates into a ~$40 billion aggregate budget shortfall for states. The GOP proposal needs to provide more state assistance up front. https://www.niskanencenter.org/cbpp-niskanen-center-joint-recommendations-to-strengthen-senate-republican-covid-19-economic-response-proposal/ …
Trump and many others have been singing his praises in regards to the unemployment numbers since Obama left. With this crisis going on and such.. I wonder what he'll say to get the black vote this upcoming election. pic.twitter.com/L6iXrADwDi
Ohio unemployment website has been swamped for two straight days... daaaamn. That's not a good sign
Day 7 of unemployment/quarantine: is everyone eating 14 meals a day?
Unemployment filings report. Will hit like a cement truck. Jarring headlines.
I am so frustrated that what you are advertising as a simple process is a bloody nightmare. No options to click # COVID19Aus as "reason for unemployment" as if anybody who didn't really need the support would waste time through this indignity. # Auspol /3
Bullard Says Unemployment Could Rise to 30% https://www.breitbart.com/economy/2020/03/23/bullard-says-unemployment-could-rise-to-30/ …
Well, there are certainly diseases of despair. Unemployment rate causes roughly 45,000 suicides a year. They say we’re looking at possibly 30 percent unemployment. NOT defending trump, but numbers like that aren’t gonna be good.
Sorry to hear that. I know exactly what that’s like. I’ll most likely be applying for unemployment soon because I know my company won’t be paying us any longer.
The death toll numbers will be worse than unemployment
Followed by an inevitable panic as people watch their loved ones get sick and die causing everyone to isolate again then job loss followed by unemployment. Literally a worse outcome. All for what? Keeping stocks higher for a month or two?
Republicans have already agreed to massive expansions to unemployment benefits, included billions in loans for small businesses with forgiveness if those companies retain over 90% of its workforce, and yet the Democrats insist on absentee voting laws, and energy provisions?
Can you please inquire San Francisco @ seescandies why they’re not allowing the SF factory workers to file for unemployment? My mom was told she cannot apply until the end of NEXT month. @ MFinney we can’t wait that long, we have bills to pay. # COVIDActNow
Economist warns sharp rise in unemployment could trigger major house price crash https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-03-24/coronavirus-house-prices-to-fall-unemployment-to-double/12082014 … via @ ABCNews
Well maybe if they dint gave have tax cuts to multi billion dollar companies and less unemployment protection under the proposed bill you would have been having your 1,500 luv if you made under 75,000k
# DemocratsHateAmerica trending on twitter shows the world how corrupted we are. Do you want: -relief of student loans? -4 months of unemployment instead of 3? -emergency food? -restrictions on big corporations? Then stick with dems who are fighting for it! # DemocratsLoveAmerica
Peace Corps Volunteers under COVID19 evacuation orders aren't eligible for unemployment benefits. The Department of Labor ruled Corps Volunteers are not covered under Title II of the Emergency Jobs and Unemployment Assistance Act of 1974, Public Law 93-567.88, Stat. 1845. :( sad
Back to work. That's what GOP wants. They'll want to force people to choose 1) Work and risk death 2) don't work -don't receive unemployment or disaster aid. Employers will fire permanent FT employees (who have benefits) and replace them with temps and part time jobs.
Ohio stops releasing daily unemployment claims numbers amid coronavirus threat at Trump Administration’s urging https://www.cleveland.com/coronavirus/2020/03/ohio-stops-releasing-unemployment-claims-numbers-amid-coronavirus-threat-at-trump-administrations-urging.html …
All of you below TDS syndrome you hear what you want to hear. Dumb questions in that room is stunning. He did not say that. 40% unemployment will lead to high suicide, its know for decades. Dumb journalists really stunning
@ realDonaldTrump Hi Mr president wonderful job you are doing. if this corona virus relief package doesn't go through and I'm optimistic that it will. I am a gig worker self employed is it possible for the unemployment to cover gig workers can you make that possible for us.
Especially since alot of us can't file for unemployment because the system is overwhelmed. I'm in Ohio and i was hoping the stimulus package would be approved, but no # DemocratsHateAmerica so now I'm concerned if I'm going to be able to get bye.
What are you going to do for restaurant workers who worked part time until this virus broke out and you ordered restaurants to close and now they find out they’ve been denied unemployment benefits!
State Establishes New Webform for filing unemployment claims - All Backdated Claims will be honored: http://labor.hawaii.gov/blog/news/state-establishes-new-webform-for-filing-unemployment-claims/ …
# heynext Can you please address how to get thru to the unemployment office? Coworkers are spending hours and can’t get thru. Thanks!
If country reached 30% unemployment, that's not a completely unreasonable fear.
It would absolutely pale in comparison. Cities would become war zones when there’s a 50% unemployment rate. At the height of the Great Depression it hit 25%. We’ll be there next week. You have no idea how real life works.
You’re wrong. There were restrictions. Its NOT a bail out, its a loan. There are stipulation. They are not allowed to buy back stocks, they cannot fire or lay off any employees. Truth matters. This package will pay dbl to those receiving unemployment, it will pay families $2,400
They're predicting a (hopefully temporary) unemployment rate of 30% this quarter. It was only 25% in the Depression
2012 to 2017.” [rapid spread] https://www.theepochtimes.com/the-closing-of-21-million-cell-phone-accounts-in-china-may-suggest-a-high-ccp-virus-death-toll_3281291.html … >End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?] >Delay US/China trade negotiations? [China pref Biden[+VP] as P?] >Shelter [Biden] public pic.twitter.com/uANUfjxsTT
Its not like i need to rely on the mail for unemployment checks or anything
Why can't we just give the specific people put out of work unemployment in an expedited fashion with the Federal gov subsidising it.?
Democrats Don’t Want To Give Americans Checks During Coronavirus Crisis, Want Expanded Unemployment Benefits Instead – True Pundit https://truepundit.com/democrats-dont-want-to-give-americans-checks-during-coronavirus-crisis-want-expanded-unemployment-benefits-instead/ …
This is all I have to say about this situation but in light of the circumstances I can agree that there should be some lenience in rent AND mortgage payments for people who can verify unemployment and inability to pay rent until things are back to normal
My guess is that Trump has seen the unemployment data coming out Thursday. Absolutely terrified of $ spy and $ djia. BoA and GS predict 2-3M. From numbers that trickled out from a few states last Tues, x-ref'd with search traffic, my estimate is 5-7M. Likely 7-10M week after.
He is worried about the stock market and unemployment figures
Thank you! Some will go on unemployment. At least one continues to work, so we will survive. But our governor shut our state down for three weeks! That shut down almost all my clients!
@ realDonaldTrump don't payoff the college loans! That's not fair! I cannot collect unemployment because I'm a one person service and there is no relief for me and many others of the same. What and how are we going to pay our bills after 4wks? Help us to Mr. Trump, we work hard-
Congress' Joint Economic Committee: "[T]he 14 percent increase in unemployment prior to the 1974-75 recession was linked to . . . a 2.3 percent increase in the overall mortality rate." But @ SpeakerPelosi and @ SenSchumer would rather block relief. https://www.jec.senate.gov/reports/98th%20Congress/Estimating%20the%20Effects%20of%20Economic%20Change%20on%20National%20Health%20and%20Social%20Well-Being%20(1262).pdf …
Hey Malcom do you want everyone to be out of work? People need money to LIVE. How do you expect to fix the astronomical unemployment rate?
we love filling for unemployment at 20
Curious what the old phone busy signal sounds like? Call # unemployment and you'll hear it. # COVID19 # TrumpCrashpic.twitter.com/rwroPauvSq
Consumer confidence has collapsed in its biggest one week fall on record, as analysts fear unemployment could hit 11pc. https://bit.ly/3afRA0i
Peace Corps Volunteers under COVID19 evacuation orders aren't eligible for unemployment benefits. The Department of Labor ruled Corps Volunteers are not covered under Title II of the Emergency Jobs and Unemployment Assistance Act of 1974, Public Law 93-567.88, Stat. 1845. :( sad
# NewQ # QAnon >End POTUS rally(s)? >End POTUS econ gains? >End POTUS unemployment gains? >End POTUS [A, B, C, D, ……]? [weaken prior to P_elec?]
Are you both going to get paid by your employer while they're closed? If not, try filing for unemployment even if you've not been "terminated" or anything. A lot of states are loosening unemployment conditions to include folks whose place of work is closed due to COVID-19
Small businesses like not letting unemployment insurance go up etc. I’m part of a small business and if payments were suspended then we could make it, the same for much of the public, and then we stay home. Add 1k paid by gov to each adult (groceries) and in 3 mos back to normal
"By all means, let’s get immediate money to those who need it through unemployment assistance and backstop loans. But government giveaways as stimulus don’t work." https://twitter.com/WSJ/status/1242232190479581184 …
No expansion or extension of federal unemployment for those states?
I ain't rich by any means and now I gotta file for unemployment with a car note an apartment and a child.. lol
Waiting on unemployment and applying for jobs this is THEEEEE WORST. I literally have nothing to do with myself.
Check out this article from MarketWatch - Unemployment could reach 30% in the U.S., says St. Louis Fed’s Bullard https://on.mktw.net/2UrHNhc
@ GovMurphy the unemployment site is impossible to navigate/ check a claim. Shutting down non essential business is great and all, but maybe keeping us all on our feet would be a good idea also
@ guypbenson There is a correlation between unemployment, a poor economy, and increase in suicide. @ realDonaldTrump @ RealCandaceOhttps://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/promoting-hope-preventing-suicide/201211/did-the-economy-affect-suicide …
I’m still hoping they come to their senses. My husband could get a note now but he won’t be able to draw unemployment.
Take large equity positions in bailout... I’m pragmatic if the bailout costs the taxpayer less than unemployment or pension bailout then we should. Otherwise no bailout for those insiders who made bad business decisions and bought stock at the peak instead of selling
propping up unemployment right now is economic suicide by the way, even in theory it's gotta be UBI oh, you used to make 60k a year? so your time spent watching netflix is now more valuable to the economy than someone who used to make 20k a year's netflix watching time? really?
A rent and mortgage freeze only delays the due date by a couple months. A small business loan is not helpful because it must be paid back. No one has offered any unemployment compensation to small business owners & independent contractors. # getbacktowork # CoronavirusWashington
There are 26 states left with enough # Democrats voting # Berniesanders # NOTMEUS can still win this election. # MedicareForAll is clearly needed to not bankrupt the nation. How many are loving their insurance with unemployment expected to 20%? pic.twitter.com/xPizlUOvd4
Focus on unemployment benefits for relief now. Stick to your original student loan plan instead of focusing on a group of potential supporters. Right now is the time to think of the mass regardless of political party. This disregards all those diligently paid their student loans. https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1241869418981920769 …
Stock market? He’s worried about his own bank account...such a sick fuck!
This fool of a president is trying to force citizens back to work cause he is worried about the stock market! Who is concern about the market if you are dead! You definitely can’t take it with you!
It’s so much worse than we could ever have imagined. He doesn’t care how many people die. He just wants the stock market to go up to help his re-election. A complete monster. https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …
"WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF," Trump tweeted late Sunday night. "AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!" That's right, the stock market is more important than a few old people dying. I am not fooled.
He's only thinking about the stock market and corporate interests he does not care about people.
Exactly, if I've said it once I've it 100 times he cares about the stockmarket and the economy
They are both stuffed with pork. And your president is now saying he’s not going to listen to doctors and ease restrictions in two weeks because he’s worried about the stock market.Insanity ...what could go wrong?
He’s an idiot! He’s taking Americans down the rabbit hole and people are following! He just announced that he wants everyone to get back to work within the next 2 weeks and reopening the borders to accomidate trade because of stock markets and endangering his people. Wake up!
# whitehousePressconference Would it help the stock market if the offshore tax funds were repatriated?
It’s the stock market, stupid
Watch, the stock market will get a bump tomorrow because investors will be excited that President Big Business might order workers back to work.
HOD $24.07 @4:31pmEST # CL_F # CL $ CL_F $ CL Quants' most efficient day #: $24.02-ish, from 8:45am email $ BDO $ ES $ DVN # OPEC $ APA $ APC # WTI # OIL # FUTURES # CRUDE $ UCO $ SPX $ RIG $ USO # fintwit # Energy # Trading $ SPY $ ES_F # ES_F # ES $ NQ_F $ NQ $ GOLD $ XLE # StockMarket # CNBC # DayTradingpic.twitter.com/gUlTXwVMy3
$ TRS enters a Downtrend as Momentum Indicator dropped below the 0 level on February 25, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397468 # Trimas # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/XMMxMSbZV4
The virus shows the danger of a president who cares only about the stock market https://apple.news/ABatRS0avR6mncK9i-hQ0Iw …
The GOP & Billionaires already got several Bailouts! Instead of investing in employees, they laid off thousands of workers, never increased to a LIVING wage, and just BOUGHT BACK THEIR OWN STOCK, falsely inflating the stock market! In crisis, Corona Sell Off with privy info.
His ONLY goal is to boost back up the stock market and not let people know how many are sick and or dying!
Aawww, The widdle Trumpsie-Wumpsie is afraid people will make fun of him if the stock market doesn’t turn around! https://www.huffpost.com/entry/trump-end-mass-social-distancing-coronavirus_n_5e78f093c5b6f5b7c548d4b3 …
While you are mouthing off your fearless leader is going to "REOPEN" the country so the stock market will go back up and he can run on the economy. The hell with the thousands of people who could die because of this virus. So is Arkansans okay with the virus spreading there?
Can @ SpeakerPelosi pass an emergency law - requiring all 50 states to do an immediate lockdown in order to try and stop this rapid spread? If DT has his way and opens up businesses (stock market) and ends this lockdowns, we are all doomed.
Without the Stock Market, jobs would be plentiful, do away with the giants, free the American people to be the entrepreneurs they dream of being! # AbolishTheStockMarket
Saving stock MARKET takes precedence from saving LIVES. This is what Trump wants
Hey # MAGA people if you can read. Over age 60 and really sick, you are really screwed. We could end up the same way. But Donald stopped some flights from China, so we'll be fine. Death is just a minor price to pay to protect the stock market. https://twitter.com/IslandGirlPRV/status/1242163984867999748 …
So your afraid the stock market is going to cause you to lose the election. Guess what. Ending this social distancing and sending people back to work. Is going to kill all the idiiots that would have voted for you.
Ladies and gentlemen this is now DANGEROUS! TRUMP HAS NO KNOWLEDGE OF THIS HARMFUL VIRUS AND IS TRYING TO GET NUMBERS UP IN THE STOCK MARKET. HE DOES NOT CARE ABOUT PEOPLE. DO NOT BELIEVE HIM.
Jim, why don’t you focus on how you can help the problem instead of sounding so happy that the stock market is tanking and hurting all of us!
Senators allegedly dumping stock as the market tanks is why some people think senators shouldn’t own stock https://www.vox.com/2020/3/20/21188144/senators-dumping-stock-as-market-tanks?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @ voxdotcom # pm760
Yet after every Trump briefing, the stock market goes down. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236022701928449 …
This brings tears to my eyes. They look so tired and so sad. And it's where the U.S. is headed b/c the party with all of the power thinks it's okay to let people die to rescue the stock market and their corporate overlords. I'm so fucking sick of all of it. # ComplicitCorruptGOP
I wouldn't trust this man to feed my dog. All he care about is the stock market and his reelection, period. He's a fucking liar, has he ever told a truth? I'll take the doctor's word over this POS every time https://twitter.com/DEADLINE/status/1242238585635393536 …
The original new deal was a successful reaction to the worst economy in history . So it would seem smart to make A GREEN NEW DEAL in reaction to bullshit stock market . But yes go awf kill people or kill people and be rich https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …
Expert Explains WTF Is Going On With The Australian Stock Market # ASX # StockMarket https://www.dmarge.com/2020/03/australia-stock-market.html …
$ MGLN's in Downtrend: Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) Histogram just turned negative. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397467 # MagellanHealth # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/N4yvSWowe9
he’s just trying to bullshit the stock market.
The stock market gods require virgins. We're safe . . .
unfortunately. I took from his briefing is that older people and people with medical issues are disposable and the stock market is more important than lives. Has he forgotten he is an old person? Once we are dead. That's it. The end. Stock market can and will be revived. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236022701928449 …
You only fight for the rich and corporations. The Stock Market is your God, and your thoughts and prayers are for it to become strong again at any cost.
In other words, brace yourself for ANOTHER massive stock market dip in 2 months when his shitty impatience proves this statement wrong.
1/2 Without testing, there will be no patients, no one knows the virus better than me; People can die, countries can be chaotic, but the stock market cannot be blown;
From the beginning, Donald Trump and the @ GOP have looked at the # COVIDー19 outbreak through a simple calculus: What’s an acceptable loss of life to keep the stock market up. # TrumpLiesAmericansDiehttps://twitter.com/ProudSocialist/status/1242233478826954752 …
No, he actually brushed it off and lost 2 months of time where we could have been mobilizing to build more inhalers, masks, instituting social distancing, etc. Now we lost all the gains in the stock markets since 2016, we are going to have a -14 growth rate and thousands will die
He basically said he is okay with Americans dying as long as he can get the stock market back up.
Preserving GDP and the Stock Market at the expense of a few hundred thousand lives, I suppose?
White House: We’re Going to Have to Let Some People Die So the Stock Market Can Live # SmartNewshttps://www.vanityfair.com/news/2020/03/donald-trump-coronavirus-deaths-vs-economy …
I know you guys love your parents and grandparents, but stop being so sentimental. We have to think of the stock market.
Die at work while he fixes the stock market..
OFHS, opening the country back up will not improve the stock market, people are sick and dying. Nothing short of flatten the virus will work, maybe.
Stock market? The people who have money in the stock market aren’t the ones losing jobs and their health insurance. He’s worried about everyone paying their bills. You fucking media types need to lose your jobs.
This, and the stock market crash that is severely damaging Trump's re-election chances, is what is motivating his irrational desire to end the pandemic response early. https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold/status/1242227062028582915 …
Are you really pro life? Trump, at his press briefing, picked the stock market over human lives. He was very clear. Not surprising to those of us who watched what he did to the Kurds. Now us! Are you pro life? Trump is not pro life, never was. Abortion is still legal
Does this asshole not understand that Joe Dirt in Alabama who lives in a trailer thinks a Stock Market is where you guy parts for a racecar?!!? Thanks Trump voters.
as long no failing means 1000's dead then yeah total not fail. oh and the stock market crashed big win.
$ ENTA's in Downtrend: Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) Histogram just turned negative. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397466 # EnantaPharmaceuticals # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/Syf9CYkr4g
He knows that. He chooses stock market over lives. He needs to boast about the economy to win the election. He needs to win the election to stay out of jail. Yeah he’ll Open the doors & it will backfire on him.
Death for him is a stock market going down.
Everyone Wants – No, Demands – a Bailout Now -- my article for @ crushthestreet https://crushthestreet.com/articles/everyone-wants-no-demands-a-bailout-now … $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # coronavirus # economy # bailout # bailouts
Everything a transaction to trump. This session was about trying to make the stock market up.
Here's what happened to the stock market on Monday http://dlvr.it/RSR6Ck pic.twitter.com/PExFbuuW30
My Twitter timeline tonight is full of edgelords telling me the choice, apparently, is between a buoyant stock market or the smallest number of dead people possible. But we can’t have both. Please stop RTing and arguing with these people. They are soooo not where we’re at.
This is because of BIG OIL! No demand. No future demand increase in sight. Price war below production cost. Stock market about to go into REAL recession or depression on top of the Covid crash! THIS IS ABOUT BIG OIL! https://twitter.com/dfarago/status/1242218267256565760 …
Mitch McConnell thinks we are stupid they are giving treasury sec loads of money to give it to big businesses to take stock market up and do not think that rest of Country and doctors are pleading for help. How arrogant he is.
What a disturbing spectacle!! # whitehousePressconference Last week he said this could go on until July, August. He is more worried about his beloved stock market than he is about the health of US citizens. TELL US THE TRUTH
It means he cares more about the stock market than actual people. pic.twitter.com/UgCjqo5TFu
Life Lesson: Why Phil Robertson doesn't mess around in the stock market - YouTube. This one is golden. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwyo5OP5MPo …
What. Did. You. Expect. You know exactly what he is & how he operates. You ALL also know we are unfortunately at his mercy for the next 10 months. People dying,family’s shattered, lives destroyed...AND YET, EVERY SINGLE DAY IT WAS “WHAT ABOUT THE STOCK MARKET???” Well there ya go
Barasso wants bailouts for Corporate masters. Duh. How is this a response to your "stock market crash CONGRATULATIONS " prediction not materializing...?
All 50 states need to do mandatory lockdown for at least another month to try and change the trajectory - if DT puts the stock market over our lives, this will be an unequaled case of mass murder! @ SpeakerPelosi can you pass an emergency law now??
She's working for the Rothschild's and the rest of the globalist bankers. This is a standard tactic to delay help so the stock market can continue to go down, which will put more pressure on citizens and Trump. Don't fall for it.
# whitehousePressconference At this point the hell with Trump/Pence/Barr etc. WE NEED TO HEAR FROM DR. FAUCI. If it takes a revolt in this country so be it. The stock market takes precedence, that's very obvious!
stock market analysts: it's not going to be a v-shaped recovery economists: it's not going to be a v-shaped recovery trump: some people say it's going to be a v, v-shape. very sharp
$ SSYS enters an Uptrend because Momentum Indicator exceeded the 0 level on March 19, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397465 # Stratasys # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/v1eZpLDz2R
The president is telling Americans the stock market is more important than people’s lives.
Trump wants to restart the US economy ASAP because he's afraid the tanking stock market will hurt his reelection chances, new report says # SmartNews It’s all about Trump he’s such a disgrace to the American people and this country. Out in 2020https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-us-economy-afraid-tanking-stock-market-coronavirus-report-reelection-2020-3 …
It won’t work. The stock market will collapse if we all die.
Unfortunately, this statement comes as the President is signaling the end of his focus on the virus and turning more to the economy and stock market.
Weren't you the one frantically calling out how isolation is necessary to flatten the curve of COVID19, but now kissing up to Trump as if he sincerely cares about the common people. Trump just wants to see the stock market up to boost his little ego. # CognitiveDissonance
What are the top trading companies? – As a rule, stick to companies that others have tried, use, or tested. Don't be that person who experiments with the new company that opened in the middle of the night. # stocks # stockmarket # tra... https://bullishbears.com/trading-companies/ …pic.twitter.com/d9L9vOtGH7
Pay Attention People! DJT is try to save his a$$, by any means, apparently genocide is included. Slow walking tests & med supplies, ppl w/o symptoms can’t get tested and maybe spreading the Covid-19, the stock market crashed etc... DJT is DESPARATE! WE ARE ALL AT RISK!
Yes, when no one puts their money back into the stock market and they keep selling their stocks and keep saving (afraid to spend), the economy and stock market will continue tanking. Until the American people feel comfortable this virus is under control, this economy dies.
trumps goal is to make it a stock market business decision, not a loss of life decision. Most republicans agree with him.
...and not realize that even that sacrifice, will not help the stock market. When appendicitis becomes a death sentence all over this country, there will not be an economic recovery.
the stock market & economy trying to stay alive during this trying time pic.twitter.com/rtJUoT241N
Last night when the futures were limit down, I expected the "bloodiest" day in stock market history today unless the government or Fed stepped in before open... However, I did not expect volatility to break so sharply/quickly. This is surprising if it holds or drops further
Crazy thing is - the stock market will crash regardless of this thing gets worse. Which it will by forcing ppl to be by each other
i'm betting on the stock market going back up a little by April 17. ...no really, i bought some call options and i need the market to go back up just a little bit by then. pic.twitter.com/af6wCLmAgx
WHY TRUMP TODAY TURN 180 degree and wants to keep people NOT to stay home is it not important for him the people die or to live or he wants the stock market numbers to go up so his money won't be lost in stock market
Trump is willing to pull the stock market up the old fashioned way, LIE-CHEAT OR ON THE DEATHS OF AMERICANS. # Reelectionbyanymeanshttps://twitter.com/AdamParkhomenko/status/1242228215201980416 …
The airlines and the stockmarket have been bailed how many times now? It seems airlines should buy some disaster insurance, but no the GOP will bail us out.
People need to remember Jim Jones convinced 900+ people to drink his kool-aid!! DO NOT MIX THOSE 2DRUGS TOGETHER! WE WERE WARNED BY TWO OTHER COUNTRIES THAT THE COMBINATION CAN BE AND HAS BEEN FATAL! TRUMP IS CLOSE TO CRACKING BECAUSE OF THE STOCK MARKET...NOT THE CURE!!
The more Trump tries to "help" the stock market, the worse it does.
Being a Xenophobic means fear of foreigners / the Great Depression is when the stock market crashed and people were afraid to have kids during it plus World War II. That’s why the boomer generation was created
the stock market crash of October 29, 1929, (known as Black Tuesday). Between 1929 and 1932, worldwide gross domestic product (GDP) fell by an estimated 15%. By comparison, worldwide GDP fell by less than 1% from 2008 - and as of today the (Dow) lost 20+% since feb 12
Ouvindo alguma coisa que tem tudo a ver com os dias atuais! Wall Street baby, Wall Street baby, stock market crash!!! @ JordanFariaLimapic.twitter.com/lNH1ZgExu9
Yep, his precious stock market is more, much more, important than our lives. He realizes that’s his yardstick and he wants to get re-elected more than anything else. He is an evil, vile person. He’s also way under-qualified for the position.
# WhiteHouseBriefing Lesson of the day: The mortality rate of stock market needs to be lower than that of # COVID19. # COVIDActNow
Is this virus worse than the others or is this just another ploy to hurt Trump? The stock market was doing great, but not now. Haven't heard anything out of or about Hillary Clinton even though New York is "hardest hit" with the virus. Wasn't she the senator of that state?
DID I READ THIS RIGHT? Is this the 21st century version of A Modest Proposal or am I just a fekking softie who can't belly up to the bar of letting old people die unnecessarily in order to BUOY UP THE FEKKING STOCK MARKET https://twitter.com/MORNAFAN93/status/1242235652118200320 …
So, @ realDonaldTrump has effectively just said that the Stock Market performance is more important than those that’ll perish from COVID-19, because they are likely to number less than 1% of the population. # Incredible # NotFitForOffice # Coronavirus @ BernieSanders @ JoeBiden
$ DLX in Uptrend: price may jump up because it broke its lower Bollinger Band on March 18, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397464 # Deluxe # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/BMfeDU8Glo
Can’t they add a solid provision that the money won’t be used for stock buy backs? That would *help* guarantee that the money goes to the employees. OR are the stock buy backs the point and they’re trying to rig the market?
I'm as good at this as I am at playing the stock market, I guess.
An actual repub told me “Obambam did nothing.” Weird. I don’t remember sheltering in place or the stock market plummeting. So. Obama’s nothing really worked and the trumpter’s nonsense is wrecking businesses and killing people. I don’t understand the repub talking point.
So millions dead is fine with you since the stock market will be thriving and it will peter out eventually?
Stock buybacks were illegal. It was considered market manipulation. Ronald Reagan legalized it. If corporations need funds, sell stocks. The government can buy them.
Seems more likely it has to do with projections of the stock market around election time...
Trump wants this to happen quickly so he can get back to raking in the cash. He plans to exploit the deaths. Florida real estate openings to come galore. stock market gains, there is no end. He thinks it's just one big wave, let it hit, and sweep it all under the rug.
Could he be looking for a stock market bump so his friend that he did not warn ahead of time could sell, sell sell tomorrow?
You are the problem....the polls will be the cure. You just signed the death warrants for thousands because the live in “Blue” States and the Stock Market is the ONLY thing you can vaguely point at as some sort of accomplishment..disgusting airbag of ineptitude
Trump played The War President for a whole week and it was way too much work and not enough fun for him. Show's over. He now wants to play "Kill Americans for the Sake of the Stock Market" instead. https://twitter.com/JackiSchechner/status/1242236384967974912 …
This news of re-opening America just on a gut feeling and stock market 1st is some scary shit!
Unbelievable. He wants people to spread disease during a pandemic in hopes it’ll prop up his precious stock market. He’s a vile human being.
Trump worried about the stock market over what’s going on. Sad times
$ CRM Why Salesforce Stock Will ‘Deliver the Goods’ in 2020 -- my article for @ investorplace https://investorplace.com/2020/03/why-salesforce-stock-will-deliver-the-goods-in-2020/ … $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # economy $ MU $ NVDA
@ realDonaldTrump @ VP @ SecAzar @ Surgeon_General @ CDCDirector Only two things you give a shit about are stock markets and reelection and you're willing to sacrifice American lives for the 2nd. You are unfit to be president of the United States and do not deserve 2nd term.
Was his speech ever really intended to make proper sense anyway? Or was it just aimed squarely at the stock market?
It has nothing to do with the stock market, he is now in the personal survival mode. His hotels were getting killed prior to this, he probably won’t be able to access any bailout funds during the lawsuits that will be filed on self-dealing. @ MollyJongFasthttps://twitter.com/davidaxelrod/status/1242237314228613121 …
That dude honestly would pull back on social distancing to improve the stock market. Gotta love it.
Eugenics meets authoritarianism and valuing the stock market above human lives. We are in a dystopian novel that would have never made print because it is that over the top insane.
so Trump wants a stockmarket crash, and that has been manufactured by he and Xi?
Gotta admit, Trump sounded very measured and presidential as he told us vulnerable people are going to die on the altar of the stock markets and it's all their fault for not washing their hands more.
Trump is planning to lift protective restrictions because of the stock market. He doesn’t want the “cure” to be worse than the disease.” For who? Ask the ones on respirators because there was no plan. H1N1 and Ebola both happened under Obama but he listened to his team.
White House: We’re Going to Have to Let Some People Die So the Stock Market Can Live # SmartNewshttps://www.vanityfair.com/news/2020/03/donald-trump-coronavirus-deaths-vs-economy …
Not mutually exclusive: this is class warfare. He proposes sacrificing the lives of workers in order to keep stock market indicators where billionaires want them. This is extremist capitalism and it IS the Culture of Death.
$ TPH's price moved below its 50-day Moving Average on March 5, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397463 # TRIPointeGroup # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/mTtCYf72qy
In other words, he's okay with trading human lives for the stock market... https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242237190903599105 …
Lol. You think that can work.. People stock house with phone on Friday. Today is Monday, they are back to the market
I just can't understand the thinking that ANY deaths are acceptable and ok as long as the economy marches on. Fuck the economy and the dumb ass stock market.
The president is going to kill thousands of Americans so he can recoup his stock market losses next week. Stay safe everyone!
Think stock market short positions.
Agent Orange is more worried about the stock market than the spreading of COVID-19, more nasty behavior!
$ XOM Is Exxon Mobil Stock Really Worth the Risk? -- my article for @ investorplace https://investorplace.com/2020/03/is-exxon-mobil-xom-stock-really-worth-the-risk/ … $ USO # oil $ XLE $ CVX $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # economy $ OIL
Yeah, the stock buy back is trash. They can swoop up so much at a cheap price and profit when the market stabilizes.
“It was Monday March 23, 2020. It was a depressing time in the world. Everyone was quarantined, stock market was plummeting, there was no more toilet paper. But then Pedro Pascal decided to respond to a fan. And then another. And then another. He saved us. He saved us all.”
So basically he doesn't care at all about people's lives...he just wants the stock market to go back up. Unfit doesn't even begin to describe this malignant narcissist!
Wall Street money manager says the stock market won’t hit bottom until investors throw in the towel — and we’re not there yet https://www.marketwatch.com/story/wall-street-money-manager-says-the-stock-market-wont-hit-bottom-until-investors-throw-in-the-towel-and-were-not-there-yet-2020-03-22 …
IMO: this will all be behind us within 6 to 8 weeks. The curve will flatten out especially the death rate, the stock market will recover in record time, and the economy will be growing again by the summer. If you have some cash on the sidlines the buying opportunity is now!
There are people live tweeting the train wreck of Lying Trump (screw everyday people I just want the stock market back) Rally disguised as a “press conference.” What networks are covering it? Do we need to go sneeze and breathe all over their executives? # doNOTcoverHimLivepic.twitter.com/zRiHDuHsKj
Dems are wrong to ask to block stock buybacks. Don't bail them out in the first place. That's regulation. Rely on the free market instead. Let companies bail themselves out.
Here is the Seven commentary on the AFL and Olympics situation. Would be good to see billionaire Kerry Stokes go into the market and support the stock. He hasn't bought a share in nearly 3 years: https://www.asx.com.au/asxpdf/20200324/pdf/44gb3p0v9dsqnh.pdf …
Fauci needs to resign in protest. How can anyone with integrity keep working for a liar who continually lies, and places more importance on the stock market instead of saving lives?
$ CVGW enters a Downtrend as Momentum Indicator dropped below the 0 level on March 18, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397462 # CalavoGrowers # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/JPxxFNB1d3
# SusanCollins Do not respect you. However we should not bail out rich corporations. Bail out the CITIZENS who make the Country. Let the stock market take care of itself. Corporations got paid 2 years ago.The people got 86 cents. # resistance # richtakecareoftherich @ SenatorRomney
Other then HELP with a stock market on the rise. And I say help, because again it was on the rise already. He's now screwwd that up with how he's handled this virus
Stock market will rebound tomorrow because Trump will sacrifice non-rich for money. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236785419304961 …
Evil fckr only cares about the stock market and his re-election.
Honestly nothing he says is constant nor makes much sense. The stock market indicates this everytime he starts is televised conference.
Trump would rather risk killing a million people in the USA than see a stock market crash - which just shows how stupid he is because COVID19 spreading quickly across the USA would still crash the economy and his beloved stock market. https://twitter.com/MalcolmNance/status/1242225078873534470 …
Watching the stock market go up and down and doing the Wave accordingly
Trump cares more about the # stockmarket than # humans -https://wapo.st/2J9zwcr
It’s apparently our new reality. Stock market above all else - and futures went UP during the press conference.
Im so bored im rooting on my grubhub stock when the markets not even open. Im watching afterhours movement... pic.twitter.com/KeypBO31l9
Grammy here: You all might want to listen to the doctors. Not to the sniffing guy with the rats nest of hair. My children and grandchildren are at risk too. I hate that the rat’s nest is FOX-thinking about sacrificing all of us for the stock market.
You should speak to an epidemiologist. Lives are more important than the stock market.
EXACTLY. The WORST of this is MORE than 7 days away and all ALL sane people know it. # trump is a sick & desperate man who will have the blood of tens of thousands' on his hands. TEN WEEKS wasted to get emergency supplies while he covered up/denied/lied to help the # StockMarket
He speaks at night because the stock market is closed!
We are discussing bailing out corporations, not public pensions. Most public pensions are diversified in real estate, equities, bonds, hedge funds, etc. - they aren’t solely invested in the stock market, nor are they dependent on it by design.
GOPs are the one who are fiddling with the Economy , GOP especially MOSCOW MITCH trying to flow through Rush money bill for rich people like Mnuchin buying back their lost stockmarket last 2 wks , Mr. Rattler = Rat that what Trump call U .!! https://twitter.com/ChrisMurphyCT/status/1242072517633859585 …
$ MMI enters a Downtrend because Momentum Indicator dropped below the 0 level on February 24, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397461 # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/5byJVKQFcE
Stupidity! Your precious stock market will tank when millions die
I don’t know about all stations, but I commend CBS & PBS for not giving air time to the “dtrump”Press Conference!This nation is weary of everyday visions of the Liar-In-Chief!He is unfit,incompetent&drugged! Everytime he talks-the Stock Market Crashes! Best Plan= SHUT “djt” UP!
Coronavirus Outbreak: Exempt stock market entities and their workforce from lockdown, Centre tells states https://www.releasemama.com/coronavirus-outbreak-exempt-inventory-market-entities-and-their-workforce-from-lockdown-centre-tells-states/ …pic.twitter.com/xH8LR1OWNY
Stock market rally cry during a pandemic briefing, why of course
SPECIAL UPDATE: The Stock Market and the COVID-19... Will Things Get Worse or Better? https://conta.cc/3bmzaLK pic.twitter.com/Nc9VA1U03w
and again the stock market dropped with today’s bs briefing.. if he would stop being aired the market may stabilize!
2 cents: I don't think its the nytimes interview. Could be b/c trump is itching to open back up. But the stock markets are facing the prospect of finding the bottom of 20-30 % unemployment. The virus and govt policy is what the market cares about
Me too. There is no bottom with this administration or the gop. They are willing to let human beings die for a good stock market and reelection.
I’m sorry but the GOP has inflicted their trickle economics for the last time! While these are loans, the wishy washy hardly hold them accountable ways they can have the loans forgiven is a non starter. As for personality, every day Trump speaks the stock market tanks more
So it seems that Trump's new plan is "let it rip and hope not that many people die". Because "the stock market"
China is buying stock, Gold, and soon due to depletion, the west will have to buy from China. The MSM spreading fear, sensationalizing to the max, reveling in the Stock Market & the economic downfall. China is benefiting while the west suffers. pic.twitter.com/rUknxen5r3
Today: Stock Market: -3.04% Bitcoin: 9.13% Ethereum: 8.10% # Bitcoin # Ethereum # Crypto # Stockmarket
It's probably also easier to communicate this thought experiment to the general public rather than comparing lives lost with stock market decline as in the linked article.
What he's saying is that if you die you die and that it doesn't matter if the stock market's up.
Someone needs to make the a "drop it" dubstep me for the current stock market crash. Maybe have the brrrr "money crank" meme mixed in.
Right On Cue, Low Money Rates Are Not What You Might Think https://talkmarkets.com/content/right-on-cue-low-money-rates-are-not-what-you-might-think?post=255755&uid=16461 … $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # economy
Coronavirus: All non-essential shops to close immediately https://qoo.ly/353ew8 # WallStreet # StockMarket # Business # FTSE # Recession
He saves the stock market by decimating his base? Seems odd. Perhaps he subconsciously wants to lose and is willing to let people die to do it. I’ve dealt with a malignant narcissist my whole life. This is not as far fetched as it might seem.
Anyone who thought this vulture cared about anything other than the stock market and his own wealth should know better now! No world leader called this pandemic # COVID19 a # hoax! No other leader has suggested lifting social distancing in the middle of a crisis # NotMyPresident
$ PRFT enters a Downtrend as Momentum Indicator dropped below the 0 level on February 21, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397460 # Perficient # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/xOpFkfAw7O
Yes because we hate you. Your news conference tonight ramped that up a bit. Stock market & poll numbers come before lives. Yes, we hate you.
As sub-optimal as this likely is, the truth is they aimed 4 a total cost number akin 2 what the Fed just created 'n spent tryin 2 fight futilely a severe stock market crash. This matters cuz it anticipates the GOP's reaction n l make their impulse to just say no far more costly! https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242191362780475394 …
The stock market is an arbitrary measure of the total economy, and I don't give a single shit about your 401k relative to people's lives
@ realDonaldTrump so that's why you don't want us to know the truth and you're afraid of stock market so people's lives don't really mean anything to you bring him back we need him you will be sorry for this honestly
@ realDonaldTrump So exactly how many lives are you willing to sacrifice for the benefit of the stock market? Exactly how many? @ VP @ SpeakerPelosi @ BenCardinforMD @ ChrisVanHollen @ RepAndyHarrisMD @ LeaderHoyer @ CNN @ MSNBC @ FoxNews @ ABC @ CBSNews @ NBCNews @ CNBC
His cult and legions will obey. The States that are actually dealing with it will continue to do so till science says stop. The stock market will continue to slip because those same states produce the most income.
Dr. Fauci is warning Trump officials NOT to listen to growing push among WH advisers, GOP lawmakers to restart the economy But Trump is alarmed by stock market & impact of high unemployment for 2020 election & weighing easing restrictions https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-signals-growing-weariness-with-social-distancing-and-other-steps-advocated-by-health-officials/2020/03/23/0920ea0a-6cfc-11ea-a3ec-70d7479d83f0_story.html …
Crying that his millionaire friends lost $ in the stock market. Rich lives matter.
I now know that Trump is ok trading the lives of 1% for the stock market. Clear as mud.
Bingo. Plus, stock market is closed at that time.
# Fed’s Newest Measures To (Fail To) Support The Economy https://talkmarkets.com/content/commodities/feds-newest-measures-to-fail-to-support-the-economy?post=255751&uid=16461 … $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # economy
Except for essentials like grocery stores, hospitals and Dr's offices. Couldn't the Gov just pause everything, the stock market, bill payments, etc... for 2 weeks to a month! " # Justpause"pic.twitter.com/y8XLMFPKa5
oooh, nbc has a new financial genius on staff. Hey bone head, how much has the stock market lost in the last 2 weeks? Perhaps there will be some serious repercussions from that loss of liquidity by companies? smh
They’re about to facilitate the death of at least 1-3 million people, all for the sake of Wall St and their stock market. There is no way this doesn’t qualify as # Genocidehttps://twitter.com/RoseAnnDeMoro/status/1242230073215709187 …
If it’s so widespread you can’t stop it anyway (which I disagree with), then the stock market will lose maybe another 75% of its value without social distancing and 1.6 million deaths. Futures traders
He’s learned so much!He’s learned about HANDS. Chinese virus hands. Something yada yada. Cruise liners. Hands. Boeing. Word salad. The stock market and hands. https://twitter.com/Teakbow/status/1242202632258813952 …
All he cares about is having the economy back on track, and the stock market at 30K. He doesn't care who dies in the process. He's going stir-crazy locked up in the WH. It's all about him, his pleasure (golf), his re-election, and his money.
There's no better encapsulation of the absurdity of American late capitalism than literally sacrificing millions of people at the altar of the stock market. We're so deeply lost. https://twitter.com/craigcalcaterra/status/1242236820160679936 …
Yes, he does. It’s all about the stock market.
$ ESPR's price moved below its 50-day Moving Average on February 26, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397459 # EsperionTherapeutics # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/9v6OsOuLC9
Sign the joint petition to call for the immediate resignations of Senators Richard Burr and Kelly Loeffler, who allegedly profited by dumping stock prior to the market's nosedive based on their knowledge as Senators. https://pandemicprofiteers.com/?source=tw& # PandemicProfiteers
@ realDonaldTrump U DON'T HAVE ANY EMPATHY FOR THE PEOPLE DURING THIS CRISIS, U ONLY CARE ABOUT THE STOCK MARKET. THIS GOES TO SHOW WHAT KIND OF LEADER U R. ENJOY YOUR LAST FEW MONTHS IN OFFICE.
Wife and I have been working to sell our house this last year. We finally found a buyer, and were just a couple weeks from closing & moving into our new place. Buuuuttt Corona had other plans when it took down the stock market. Buyer had to back out. Big time punch in the balls.
Whothe fuck are they polling? This man is a train wreck. He literally wants people to die so his stock market will rise.
Transparent justification for boosting up stock market. Sorry to say - He’s trying to play us like a fiddle.
$2 trillion from phase 1 & 2 was all corps, ur donors, & stock market "boost" (ALL $ was lost IN AN HOUR) That's bout ***$6,250 per US Citizen*** yet they wanna do 1200 (IF u qualify based on income taxes...F OFF) while handing ANOTHER .5 TRIL to corps?! # NoCorporateBailouts
The Stock Markets can not function without a healthy workforce, and forcing people back to work before there is a demonstrable end to the COVID-19 crisis will destroy the markets. If you base your success on markets, you should know that panicking is counterproductive.
A lousy 3k one time for average suffering family -(where 70% couldn’t come up with 1k Before this!) & Wall St & corporate America in Greatest economy & stock market - now 3 weeks later need trillions after skimming billions in stock buybacks ???
*OR* Help the people and worry about the stock market later. This may sound extreme but...
Short Supply And High Gold/Silver Premiums, But There Is A Solution… https://talkmarkets.com/content/commodities/short-supply-and-high-goldsilver-premiums-but-there-is-a-solution?post=255736&uid=16461 … $ SPY $ QQQ $ DJIA $ DIA # stockmarket # investing # finance # stocks # gold # silver $ SLV $ TWTR $ GLD $ FB $ TLT $ AAPL $ TSLA $ AMZN $ NFLX $ AMD $ INTC # economy
So according to @ realDonaldTrump everyone did a good job, is doing a good job, will do a good job... So why the market keeps crashing? Asking for a friend, a good friend. # stockmarket # COVID19 $ appl $ msft $ tsla $ spy $ tvix $ amd $ ge $ ba $ aal $ amzn $ nflx $ cost
Wait until Trump "reopens the country", the stock market is still for shit, unemployment is 30% and the bodies start to stack up. In a country that has more guns than people
WHY did the press insist on bating him over & over w/questions about the stock market Every SINGLE day?!?What did u expect? Was The 5 second thrill of watching him squirm worth this?!? Now I see those SAME people looking terrified asking him about lifting restrictions to soon...
Which wont work....people sick and dying is not going to help the stock market. A competent leader would raise the stock market, a competent leader like Speaker Pelosi!! https://twitter.com/DeanObeidallah/status/1242234555483983874 …
I’m feel lucky to be living in the UK during this time in history but I fear for my friends and family that will have to endure this in the US while the government seems to care more about the stock market than it does the workers, elders or essential employees of the nation.
Did anybody look at they stock market app?? Do y’all even use it??
Translation: At the end of 15 days, I’ll look at the stock market and based on how my portfolio is doing and how my reelection outlook is trending, we will make a decision that isn’t remotely based on the best interest of Americans, or facts, or science, or common sense.
It isn't even a choice. The stock market won't recover until the pandemic is over. He is killing people AND delaying recovery. This is him screaming "NO COLLUSION" and thinking that changes the facts. This is a tantrum, not a policy.
it's all about the market..he doesn't care if you get ill, or worse..it was the same 'herding' method they were going to try in uk until the realised you do that when you have a vaccine..he's saying to raise the stock market.
I think we should just shut it down for the rest of the year. Let the economy go down the shitter. Let unemployment go to 60-70%. Let the stock market go down another 30-40%. We should do this annually when flu season ramps up seeing we lose 50-70,000 Americans/yr
$ MYGN's Aroon indicator reaches into Uptrend on March 20, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397458 # MyriadGenetics # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/vHGAlmpHqo
the stock market isn't going to recover. killing people off really doesn't say rebound
YA SEE THE STOCK MARKET RIGHT NOW IS LIKE BAKER MAYFIELD BEFORE AND AFTER THE HULU COMMERCIALS. THE MAN LOOKED REEAAALL VALUABLE AT FIRST, BUT WHEN CLEVELAND HIT THE PANIC BUTTON, YOU REALIZED YOUR INVESTMENT DECLINED AND YOURE LEFT LOOKIN PRETTY SILLY ISSSTHEHERD
Trump is going to decide next week about sending everyone back to work. He wants this over as he is primarily focused on the stock market, WH insiders said the it is his Main concern. Word is that Trump has removed Dr. Fauci from the briefing. He wasn't there today or yesterday.
Trump would literally rather see millions dead than see the stock market go down.
# Delta Air Lines up 4.1% = $570.4 million gain. At $14.1 billion marketCap, $ DAL represents 27.4% of the $51.4 billion # NASDAQ/ # NYSE # air # freight # delivery industry. http://42stocks.com/cgi-bin/symbol.py?symbol=dal … # stockMarket # stocks # trading # market # investingpic.twitter.com/KJsKX66ayG
On a work zoom call today a colleague said we would be better off w/o the stock market as companies would be there for the people and not just to satisfy shareholders. Not wrong I suppose but still had a hard time not eye rolling on the live cam
# StockMarket falling is correct What does one expect when the world is shuttered from a deadly pandemic? Instead of trying to falsely prop # stocks, Congress should be working to save lives. The @ federalreserve should make sure the markets function—no runs on banks. But # nobailout
....WHY WAS THIS TELEVISED??? NO TOUGH Q.S ...NO INFORMSTIPN..EXCEPT TRUMP CARES MOTE ABOUT STOCK MARKET THAN DYING COUNTRY..CALLS STATES COUNTRIES..IDAHO IS A STATE...NO DR. FAUCHI..
He doesn’t govern, he markets - he says anything he thinks will get a response, there’s no underlying concern for the problem. He has 2 goals here - goose the stock market and get reelected. And he’s just throwin’ things at the wall to see what sticks.
But the economy and stock market is more important than the thousands ,maybe 10's of thousands lives that could be saved. ProLife though right?
75% of my conversations are now about the stock market, the Black Death, the decline of Rome, and the NFL Draft. In other words, business as usual. https://twitter.com/liv_cowherd/status/1242206208603250689 …
See someone told @ realDonaldTrump that charts that go up and to the right are good and being a semi literate moron. That's all the babyman Orange Numbnuts can see. Well that and the stock market. Notice not ONE word on the dead. Not one word of condolence for the Dead.
It’s clear Trump is thinking about only himself and the stock market. https://twitter.com/Fahrenthold/status/1242227062028582915 …
White House: We’re Going to Have to Let Some People Die So the Stock Market Can Live https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2020/03/donald-trump-coronavirus-deaths-vs-economy?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=onsite-share&utm_brand=vanity-fair&utm_social-type=earned … via @ VanityFair
Trump places more value on the stock market, rating & his ego. Mark my words, if he orders people back to work, it’ll be far more expensive than if we had stayed in place. The death toll, tourism, exported goods will be devasted. No one wants to come here if they can be infected https://twitter.com/Yamiche/status/1242234592154828804 …
Agree; stock market #1, rallies #2. I say let them all get together and spead the love. When they all start dropping like flies, who will he have to blame?
Subtext: 'We cannot let trying to save lives be more important than reviving the stock market. At the end of the 15 day period, we'll see how the stock market looks, and we will make a decision as to which way we want to go.' # COVID19https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1241935285916782593 …
@ realDonaldTrump won’t care as long the # StockMarket is humming along.
To hell with that " people are dying" crap, he needs the stock market up.
This guy is a monster. No empathy. What’s a couple of hundred thousand deaths when we’re talking about the stock market. @ POTUS # COVIDー19 # TrumpPressConference
$ PPBI's Aroon indicator reaches into Uptrend on March 20, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397457 # PacificPremierBan # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/V12mJ26WXX
Vix is a measure of volatility. You have had some of the biggest moves recorded in history. At some point even if the market doesn't go up the yoyo of the stock market will probably start getting smaller. Hence the vix should go down
Is this the Lehman moment? # stockmarket pic.twitter.com/4rYWWFaDu8
oh I know. I just want the 230 million left to not go back to how we were. We need to change this. Fuck their stock markets and inhumanity.
This dude legit thinks the stock market, which isn’t the economy, can just “re-open”. Lol I’m so fucking glad I don’t have a 401k. Oh, btw the government just edged further into your right to toilet paper.
$ Paper Speaker sounds 70decible Rs Paper Speaker sounds 1decible Pound Paper Speaker 180decible Why ask virtual paper speaker Mfd by Stock Market Aha ha what a sound
$ BA Trump sayings $ ba needed help dropped stock 2 points . Markets don’t believe him.
The stock market will rank again tomorrow,more people will lose retirement income but sinking economy is the Dems real goal.
And Trump's next pivot as he plays out his war fantasy will be to say stuff like "in every war, there are casualties," as he willingly allows a massive number of people to die at the altar of the stock market. https://twitter.com/davidaxelrod/status/1242235705788530689 …
I get the point and it’s accurate esp about the stock market - but ppl downplaying this or comparing it to other death causes has been an issue so I got defensive lmao
I just think the stock market drops upset him. He wants to get those back up before the election. That’s his priority.
But the stock market!
Delusion at its best: he thinks if People like his dumb followers can move again, the stock market will go up. https://twitter.com/JohnCassidy/status/1242226527523295232 …
Like, not as terrible as the stock market declining, but really, at a certain point, what's the difference?
Kind of like me when I hear the politicians trying to explain how the stock market or investments work. I want to send them investing for dummies book.
@ GOP has butthurt because the stock market is down. Boo hoo. If @ GOP actually tried funding public health infrastructure rather having slashed it at every turn, their portfolios would be down 30% or more. We need a bill that works for more than big corporations. # StayHome
The fact that my timeline (I follow a lot of news outlets) is pretty quiet on a trillion dollar plus aid bill being torpedoed in the midst of a stock market crash and global pandemic says an awful lot about how the press covers democrats.
When Trump, talked about the medication, I said to myself, somebody's, going to try it and take it and die. To all you idiots, listen to the medical experts. Trumpy boy has no clue what he's talking about. He's worried about his election and the stock market.
It is very hard for me to trust/ To decide: Trump and his doctors are motivated by the wish to recover the economy. Stock market businesses... The democrats and their doctors are motivated by their wish to blame and accuse Trump.
# FakeNews it was already a provision in the Act. The only ones benefitting from Insider Trading are the likes of Feinstein who was given a briefing & promptly dumped her stock. She got caught, she was waiting for market to dip to by double the stock back. Corruption in your face
All this will be for nothing if Trump backs off # SocialDistancing policies after the first 15 days are up. # COVID19 cases will peak at the end of April if we continue our current course. He’s more worried how the stock markets looks during during election time than human life.
Love how t*ump thinks dead people will be working at the stock market next week # COVIDー19
The thing is, if they let everyone get sick and die the stock market is crashing regardless. If we stay inside at least there’s some chance I’d recovery
$ ECOL's Aroon indicator reaches into Uptrend on March 20, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397456 # USEcology # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/iPLA6FLqr8
People: "I want 2020 to be like the roarin' twenties!" Earth: "Alright, infectious disease is spreading." People: "No, not like that." Earth: "The US stock market is tanking." People: "Wait..." Earth: "LMAO Bars can't be open anymore."
Yes. Look at all the confidence in the stock market (ie our retirement accounts). Thank god I’ll (hopefully) retire once president moron is long gone. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236022701928449 …
He can’t understand that what’s tanking the stock market is him blathering nonsense at these briefings and contradicting the health pros.
Wise man said: “YOU CANT TAKE IT WITH YOU” so why put the country at risk for the sake of the stock market... not wise # whitehousePressconference
Oh no... @ FoxNews @ rupertmurdoch are squarely in control OF AMERICA. Your Dear Leader will take the COVID19 precautions off at Fox’s behest...the Stock Market is more important than American lives. Trump thinks that will help him WIN WIN WIN in November. Right?
You do realize that people dying is far more irreversible than numbers on the fucking stock market, right? If your plan is actually to try and absorb mass deaths in the workforce (because it will hit the workers hardest), you're not fit to coach anyone about anything.
I agree that everything Trump is proposing is 180 degrees off target. However, it shouldn't surprise anyone that his primary concern is the direction of the stock market numbers. Nothing else holds value in his underdeveloped mind.
The virus shows the danger of a president who cares only about the stock market - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2020/03/23/virus-shows-danger-president-who-cares-only-about-stock-market/ …
You know the Geico commercial where they want the guy to jump into the pool of lava to make it rain? Will we be seeing that in a couple of weeks to ramp up the stock market?
You know it’s killing him to see his beloved stock market underperforming.
What a fking POS this grifterDon is So worried about the election and stock market. In another week is going to be much worse than now. We have 279 recovered and 545 deaths currently. 43,000+ cases. # COVIDIOT
can, rather than spending tons of money to bail out large companies, to save stock market instead of people! The sooner we win this war, the sooner stock market and the economy will back to normal. I don't think Trump doesn't understand such simple things, he is murdering...
There is no comparison.Obama had his sh*t together.He believed n deep-state,the experts & climate change.He managed Ebola. Yet,I don't recall 6 feet separations, running out of toilet paper. I dont recall ppl losing their jobs. I don't recall the stock market tanking. Keep up!
He's not an MD, medical, he is a PhD of Finance seeing the stock market crash has made some people more crass when it comes to the percent of people who live or die vs how much money is lost 5 spring breakers testing positive is the tip of the iceberg as they all take germs home
$ JOE enters a Downtrend because Momentum Indicator dropped below the 0 level on February 20, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397455 # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/IZvWuGmBAo
Strong leadership? Great results? Severe medical supply shortage all over the US, not enough tests, the number of confirmed cases 40,000+, 15,000+ deaths in US, tanked stock market and economy. Numbers will continue to worsen & Trump wants to end restrictions. You must be proud.
He's gonna kill us to goose the stock market. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236675927019520 …
But, the Stock Markets in Europe are roaring back!! Oh, they aren't, never mind. https://twitter.com/dwarftrouble/status/1242222304014278658 …
We need to organize a # NationalStrike where everyone stays home when he says go back to work, to show # Solidarity against this stupid Dicktator who wants us to commit suicide for his "win" & the stock market!
He would care more about the stock market then his own mother!
The stock market is not fooled, everytime he opens his mouth it sinks. It is only his hapless sycophants like Kudlow and Mnuchin who tell him what he wants, the finance pros know better. # TrumpVirushttps://twitter.com/AdamParkhomenko/status/1242228215201980416 …
So how many lives is Trump willing to sacrifice for the stock market? # TrumpCrimeFamily # TrumpLiesAmericansDie
When’s he gonna learn that a good economy boosts the stock market, not the other way around??
“The stock market right now is just going through a midlife crisis, it’s spiraling down with its only bumps being visitation on the weekends. You see the Coronavirus is like your ex-wife....”
It hasn’t even begun. You delayed taking action against Coronavirus because you were afraid to rock the stock market boat. Two weeks from now which is the date you want to tell everyone, let get back to work, will be the same time that numbers start to skyrocket. Hate? Just wait!
Yes, what's wrong with that? Isn't the stock market more important than our lives?
Waiting for the Stock Market to plunge tomorrow because the market doesn’t think that’s a good idea. Any business student understand how the market works, except for Trump. Wonder what’s his GPA @ Whartonhttps://twitter.com/AdamParkhomenko/status/1242228215201980416 …
Trump is trying to effect tomorrow's stock market with happy talk.
Most Americans don't own stock. Stop basing your plan on the stock market! Do something to stop people from dying!!! pic.twitter.com/sfxCd6eAna
What he means to say is during the Great Depression people were jumping out their high rise windows because they lost their life savings in the stock market! https://twitter.com/jdawsey1/status/1242232551378477057 …
Oh just like Trump, wanting to sacrifice American lives for the stock market. People in red states will die. Here’s a message # RepublicansAreDestroyingAmerica # RepublicansHateAmericans # RepublicanSlushFund # RepublicansForBiden # DumpDementedDonTheCon
The irony of Trump’s focus on getting everyone back to work is that governors, mayors, and state health care systems can’t fake it. So if the message from the top is act like normal and our hospitals are overwhelmed/have no PPE, the stock market ain’t miraculously rebounding!
Good move but is that all he can come up with? All I'm saying is where is masks,ventilators, gowns, beds & encouragement. He talks more about the stock markets then ppl dying from this virus. Not gave one "I'm sorry for your loss" Thought we were making AMERICA GREAT AGAIN?
When he’s been pimping the stock market so long he has to keep following his brain (tiny brain) It sounds to me like he's saying he is willing to sacrifice out elders and others who are at risk in order to protect the stock market.
And don't forget the stock market. He cares way more about the stock market.
They know exactly what they’re doing. Crash the economy, stock market and try to put us into a recession. They think it’ll affect President Trump's chance of re-election. It won’t work, but they think it will.
I'm texting my best friend on the opposite coast trying to convince him to somehow get home because the country is about to collapse into death, chaos, and violence. But your stock market. Eat shit.
Why don't you chant maha Mrityunjaya Mantra for stock Market? That is also dying!!
Someone convinced him that daily press conferences were a good idea but I have to think the fact that they aren’t helping the stock market much and he’s ranting at a mostly empty room and also being contradicted from his own podium is pretty clearly driving him up a wall. https://twitter.com/JasonKirell/status/1242231305384886280 …
$ TNC enters a Downtrend as Momentum Indicator dropped below the 0 level on February 26, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397454 # Tennant # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/DD9qFCYaj9
Please, please, please, @ jaredpolis, I beg of you, do NOT take direction from our Whitehouse. We need you to keep us safe more than ever now cuz this man is unhinged. He will kill us all to save the stock market and to get back to his rallies. # COVIDActNow
Ignorant and self serving comment! This President doesn’t care about people’s health, he cares about the losses his businesses are taking from the shut downs and about the stock market.
Limited adrenaline shots for the stock market In this example, the stock market is the coked out th0t from Pulp fiction
"He is worried about the impact of soaring unemployment numbers and severe economic contraction on his 2020 reelection bid, and fielded phone calls for much of the weekend from alarmed business leaders. He remains fixated on the plummeting stock market, is chafing. ." ADD, ADHD
Uhm .... no..... but at least he stopped doing these press conferences until the after the Stock Market closes every day. Best thing he’s done for the economy so far. Because they tank hard every time he gives a presser when they are still open.
Trump is completely unable to see this crisis in terms of its effects on people. He is solely focused on the stock market and the economy. He doesn’t get that massive deaths would crash the economy.
Trump is irresponsible. He's not a leader. What he's saying is the stock market is more important to him than the lives of people. that's evil.
Illegitimate System Kills your for Stock Market Gains
The stock market is just a very unfun computer game
Nearly every time Trump holds a presser, the stock market responds by dropping. You blame the Dems. The people don't support giving Mnuchin a secret $500B slush fund he can steer to Trump and friends. That won't help service workers who've lost jobs.
@ realDonaldTrump Trump is a Nasty Idiot that doesn’t know a damn thing and who cares only about the stock market. Fool Please! We are not listening to any of that dumb ass shit spewing from your mouth. SHUT THE HELL UP!
Trump would live to fire Fauci but probably knowd the stock market would totally crash if he did. https://twitter.com/ryanstruyk/status/1242227695838203904 …
This is what I've been asking myself! And how is the stock market supposed to recover when employers' workforces are being decimated by the virus?
Republicans want you to die of COVID-19 so the stock market can go up. https://twitter.com/Acosta/status/1242233343497981953 …
The only answer is the stock market must be dissolved. Economic health shouldn't be based on corporations handing out dividends. The stock market started as a way for new companies to get cash to grow. Now a company is only allowed in the market when it's proven a moneymaker.
On the one hand people die, on the other hand the stock market goes down. It’s a real tough call. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242236785419304961 …
Millions will die, but the Stock market will be good for Trump and his buddies again. # TrumpWantsMeDead
Bottom line: Trump is bored with the virus and bad stock market so it's time to move on and just let the people die in mass.
Because he doesn’t care if 2 million people die if the stock market is at 30,000
Let people die. Get people back to work. By magic the economy and the stock market will bounce back. No it doesn’t make sense. Yes it’s immoral. But that’s how Trump/GOP/Wall Street want to roll.
You are right. I'm almost 70 and retired. Staying home is easy for me. When I heard this news I genuinely felt sick to my stomach. @ realDonaldTrump does not understand if people die so will the economy. And the stock market will tank anyway cuz Wall Street will see it too. pic.twitter.com/fDZqi6lY9W
White House: We’re Going to Have to Let Some People Die So the Stock Market Can Live # SmartNewshttps://www.vanityfair.com/news/2020/03/donald-trump-coronavirus-deaths-vs-economy …
AND MANY OTHERS JUST TAKES A PHONE THAT IS ALL A PHONE. YOU CAN TALK TO ANYONE FACE TO FACE EVERYDAY. YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT DEPRESSION AND SUICIDE BUT YOU MEAN I WANT THE STOCK MARKET TO GO UP SO I CAN WIN THE ELECTION THIS IS THE EXACT WRONG WAY TO GO https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/how-south-korea-flattened-the-coronavirus-curve/ar-BB11AJwA?ocid=spartanntp …
Whats with this 24hrs where every Trump nutjob got a memo where they had to advocate for mass death to save the stock market?
They are all multimillionaires. They wouldn't even notice the loss of a year's salary. They have already lost more than that in the stock market.
$ KRO's Aroon indicator reaches into Uptrend on March 20, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397453 # KronosWorldwide # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/KDgPfwzry6
Dow Jones Futures: Coronavirus Stock Market Crash Hits New Lows With Stimulus Delayed; Apple Stock Falters, Why Amazon, Zoom, Netflix May Thrive In Next Uptrend | Investor's Business Daily https://www.investors.com/market-trend/stock-market-today/dow-jones-futures-coronavirus-stock-market-crash-stimulus-delayed-apple-amazon-zoom-dominos-netflix/ …
Shutting the stock market would cause foundational trust risk in something that is a core part of modern society. There will many things challenged in the coming months/years that we take for granted in the Western world - let's try and keep the stock market intact.
Because the stock market is more important than the lives of Americans pic.twitter.com/idCxe9vFe5
the United States government when the working class asks for help paying rent and affording healthcare vs. the United States government when the stock market and corporations ask for a bailout. pic.twitter.com/o3L4QYQRcc
It’s the entire administration’s fault for not thinking two minutes ahead. They were warned months ago but @ trump didn’t want to upset the stock market. So, tell me, did you lose millions or thousands in the market,Are you still employed,Is everyone in your family healthy for now
Trump lasted less than 8 days into the pandemic before announcing he wished it to end in order to help the stock market, regardless how many die.
How many American lives are worth your precious Stock Market? Shame on you - it will be blood on your hands. Listen to the Medical Experts regarding this - not your miserable economists.
China has taken the right steps from the get go and number are dropping. Thx to your dumbass president the number of cases in the US will skyrocket and you will surpass China by next week. And no the communist party did not create the virus. Been traced to a live stock market.
Yada yada yada car accidents and the flu are worse. Stock market was tremendous before the virus. Yada yada yada
It staring to look like the stock market is more important than american lives
Risking lives for the stock market (that’s gonna keep crashing anyway) is not going to help his re-election!
Was his speech ever really intended to make proper sense anyway? Or was it just aimed squarely at the stock market? https://twitter.com/BeatsSurrender/status/1242235856280342535 …
Does he mean it? Or is he testing the stock market tomorrow ? I guess we will see.
The irony is that the stock market is where everyday Americans mostly have their money through pensions, 401K etc. When it sinks it’s the rich who can buy low and get richer. Wanting it to tank hurts middle class more than anyone.
“Sorry your grandmother died from # COVIDー19 , but, you see, the stock market was more important than her and tens of thousands of other people.”
Trump gives coronavirus 15 days to stop hurting his stock market https://www.dailykos.com/story/2020/3/23/1930252/-Trump-gives-coronavirus-15-days-to-stop-hurting-his-stock-market …
No, you can’t really withdrawal it... I mean you can but they tax you on it and it just ends up being less convenient in the long run. I’m just sad cuz I had some type of money and now my balance is so low because of the stock market
Stock Market Update & Bold Predictions Audio highlight clip here: https://www.soundbyteapp.com/bd543450-6d60-11ea-9d39-125c0c9de664 …
Trump wants to kill 2 million Americans to restart the Stock Market. @ foxandfriends @ FoxNews @ seanhannity
@ GovTimWalz trump said it only a small percentage of old people and people with preexiting conditions that are dying and that companies and the stock market need to reopen. Then they held a sign saying 15 days, then hinted after 15 days he'll reopen the country. Please dont
I'm a smart person but I don't understand the stock market. It honestly just seems like Fantasy Football.
should do wonders for the stock market
He knows he’s tanking the stock market every time he speaks and can’t handle it.
"But im not a circle and my rep told me to go to a nice restaurant if I wanted" GET IN YOUR DAMN HOUSE THEY WERE SELLING ALL THEIR STOCK BEFORE THE MARKET CRASHED FROM A GLOBAL PANDEMIC GET IN YOUR DAMN HOUSE https://twitter.com/EM_RESUS/status/1241906229611503619 …
THE RESCUE BILL helps the people, God forbid these POS would help working citizens. They want to protect their little game, where they have encrypted Blackberrys that send them Stock Market insider trading information. HOW DO YOU THINK THESE CONGRESSIONAL CRIMINALS GOT SO RICH?? https://twitter.com/KimStrassel/status/1242233803583545344 …
$ TTMI's Aroon indicator reaches into Uptrend on March 20, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397452 # TTMTechnologies # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/tbrCC8XKtU
The one thing Trump could run on was a soaring stock market. Now that it’s crashed, he’s willing to sacrifice American lives - who could otherwise be saved by social distancing - just to bolster the economy. The economy can always recover, but people don’t come back from death.
Yes. Cuomo is following Trump in sacrificing lives just to save the stock market. This is criminal. If Cuomo follows Trump, he (along with Trump) should be prosecuted for attempted murder.
The pro life party is now talking about how many people should die ... to save the stock market. FFS....
He is setting it up to say to cast the blame on Dem governors. You listened to the weak Dem governors and it cratered the economy. If you listened to me and re-opened, the economy would be humming & the stock market at record highs.
Why do reporters say stock market hasn't wiped away the trumpeconomics in the stock market since it is now lower than under President Obama's last day in office? # WorstPresidentEver # EveryTimeTrumpSpeaksHeLies
I wonder how the one stock in Apple that I got in 6th grade is doing in this market
In Trumps world we’re so excited to get our jobs back and save his stock market that we’ll give up ever going to visit our parents again. In fact, people over 60 will just have to give up hugs. Let’s run this dude before he kills more of us!!!
$2 trillion from phase 1 & 2 went to stock market, the megarich, & corporations. That's bout ***$6,250 per US Citizen*** yet they wanna do 1200 (IF u qualify...Man facepalming) while handing ANOTHER .5 TRIL to corps?!? Wtf. # NoCorporateBailouts
# WhereIsFauci I want to hear from Dr Fauci! Until then I don't trust a bunch of bureaucrats tought the stock market guru's BS! Let them eat cake!
The worse part is, it’ll tank the stock market anyway.
Trump wants to restart the US economy ASAP because he's afraid the tanking stock market will hurt his reelection chances, new report says (via @ BIAUS)https://www.businessinsider.com.au/trump-us-economy-afraid-tanking-stock-market-coronavirus-report-reelection-2020-3 …
I'm totally willing to sacrifice the stock market for American lives. https://twitter.com/AdamParkhomenko/status/1242228215201980416 …
So bottom line is we will forge ahead regardless of victims or deaths b/c his unemployment &the stock market could ruin the economy! IT'S ALWAYS BEEN ABOUT THE NUMBERS TO HELP HIS ELECTION EVEN WHEN PEOPLE'S LIVES R AT STAKE! # TrumpSlushFund markets got to be up& running PERIOD!$$
This should show people trump and the republicans don't care about our lives they care about the 1% and the stock market
The stock market will come back eventually. However, if you die from the virus, you are dead! There is no coming back.
And it won't even work! So we'll have lots more dead people, and the stock market in the recession it was headed for anyway.
The effects of the stock market crash and the virus supply/demand shock have yet to be felt. This is something that builds over a course of many weeks, each day compounding on the last.
I recorded a video and discuss the serious reality regarding the crisis we are in today. # LegacyWealthPartners # MarketFocus # Coronavirus # StockMarket https://youtu.be/3v8VaP2LBdo
He doesn’t want to do it while the stock market is open. Every time he does the market takes a beating.
The stock market will tank again tomorrow, but that's what you really want..the economy to tank.
You stole his favorite word “incredible.” . The guy is clueless n only focused on the stock market instead of saving lives.
Still think reality TV stars should be in politics? Still think Trump being president was a good idea? Now look at this bullshit we are in as a country. This fuckboy is demeaning the media. Don’t give a damn about nothing but the stock market. # WhitehousePressConference
The irony is the stock market will hate it.
Let’s kill hundreds of thousands of our people with a deadly virus to make the stock markets go up! Brilliant!
Even in this environment, some stocks are destined to advance... https://www.clivemaund.com/article.php?id=5319 … # StockMarket # StockMarketNews # blockchain # cryptocurrency $ crypto # cryptotrading # COVIDー19 $ BCXpic.twitter.com/9C7GP7oaso
Not true. We could have built a society w/o a stock market and still have had jobs to do. It could go away and there would still be work.
What goes up will fall down....understand how stock market works.
WHERE IS DR. FAUCI?? Trump is ready to kill tens of thousands of Americans to bring up the stock market and Ambassador Birx just stood there. Her fall from grace is stunning. # TrumpPandemic # TrumpLiesAmericansDie
just prove with few examples. I don't care what people say.. because most of the people are lame and dumb like you. just compare world stock markets. canadian dollar, AUS dollar, pound, euro, yuan all have fallen with respect to american dollar!! don't come up with bullshit!!!
PrayerTime LunchTime - Wednesdays [noon-12:45] ... We Must Pray Crossroads! October 1857, the stock market crashed, banks failed, and the US financial system was crippled. That summer, 1857, a local church pastor,… https://www.instagram.com/p/B-GFpt8j90h/?igshid=15epkuoywpk0h …
Anybody want to lay odds on how much the stock market plummets tomorrow? # whitehousePressconference # MSNBC # TheBeat
Trump's only saying this bullshit to get the stock market to turn around.
Trump knows that now that the stock market crashed, and the worst recession in this century is upon us, he will lose in November. He will take any crazy desperate measures to try to get reelected.
Joke Scarborough of The Morning Joke. If MessNBC cuts away from the briefing, your ratings will plunge quicker than the stock market.
Ironically, I’m putting all my chips in and buying stock in pitchfork and torch manufacturers. Methinks in a few months, the market will be very good to me.
Still watching this mess on C-Span. They are passing the buck as fast as the stock market has fallen in the past two weeks. https://www.c-span.org/video/?470599-1/president-trump-coronavirus-task-force-hold-briefing-white-house&live …
The Stock Market Will Not Roar Back to Life When the Crisis Is Over https://www.thestranger.com/slog/2020/03/23/43225698/the-stock-market-will-not-roar-back-to-life-when-the-crisis-is-over …
Such confidence that the stock market dives every time he speaks
He would sell thousands of American lives for a small bump in the stock market if he thought it would give him a better chance of reelection. https://twitter.com/ChrisMegerian/status/1242234799592558592 …
The stock market is not the whole jobs sector most are small business
And for his next act, 4) Will lead the US population into its greatest mass mortality event since the 1918 flu pandemic. But the stock market will come back, so who cares?
go ahead. keep screaming "*down* jones industrial average" at me. it only makes the stock market Worse
Remember, on February 24, Trump said that the virus was fully contained and the stock market looked great. It closed at 3224 that day. Today it closed at 2237. Now he’s telling us that the virus threat is almost over and we should go back to life as normal.
Death panels for grandma and grandpa because they are disposable for the stock market income.
He hopes to have a positive stock market tomorrow so his buddies can sell stock
Stupid MFing capitalists— blue oligarchy and red oligarchy—are going to kill us all. Already talking back to work to save the f—-ing stock market as scientists and doctors beg for even more strict lock downs. # Bernie2020 is the only one who cares about you. # DemExit2020
basically he’s willing to sacrifice the safety of all Americans for a rise in the stock market
Trump wants to restart the US economy ASAP because he's afraid the tanking stock market will hurt his reelection chances, new report says - http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/1029024616
With no deal, the Stock market will put up with it for about 10 days. Trump has a 'no deal' plan. It's 'market makers' that can force his hand. There is a chance he will take it to a full economic crash. Brinkmanship. This is probably better than capitulation to Trumpism. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/1242233262484963332 …
It is simple: @ realDonaldTrump cares more about the # StockMarket than about # Americans. He wants to see equity prices rise, because he still foolishly believes that is an indicator of the health of the # US # economy. No # economists with any # credibility agree with him.
is like that, when he proposes to lift restrictions in order to put people back to work just to move the stock market back into the black for his re-election. This is Trump's vision for America. pic.twitter.com/qoHTnsreLQ
I agree. He is more worried about the stock market than us.
And this is just one of many examples. How embarrassing these assholes can’t come to an agreement while multiple American people continue dying daily and the stock market is a damn dumpster fire....UNBELIEVABLE!!!
This Fupa faced gout puddle is becoming Joseph Stalin. Instead of at Gulags, he’s going to kill & deprive Citizen’s of their Rights with the whole world watching live on their mobile devices and 24hr News Stations. He is making the Stock Market the State. $$$ over Lives # ETTD
Can’t let the cure, which is people living, be worst that the problem, which is the stock market drop, and you losing in Nov. Let’s have higher stock prices, more money for the monied, and more bodies piling up, because America wants to be open for business as soon as possible.
@ realDonaldTrump is bored with the virus pandemic. He’s ready to move on. He was not interested in the stay at home guidelines in the first place. The bruising stock market and unemployment are his markers. Lost lives are collateral damage. @ WhiteHouse @ GOP @ DNC
They make the same argument with guns, except this is an even worse analogy. He's worried about his stock market. That's all he cares about here.
It was very coincidental that he was calling for rockets and moonshots in the middle of February, exchange froze, large amount of $ BTC moved over during “maintenance”, immediate liquidation as soon as exchange gets back up and running. Shortly after stock market plummeted.
$ AX's in Downtrend: Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) Histogram crosses below signal line. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397450 # AxosFinancial # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/16adWCTafa
This is worse than 2008. Way way worse. The stock market has never fell this hard and fast since the 1929 stock market crash that took us into a depression.
Now go back to work and those that die will die. We need to get the stock market back up and running so Trump's re-election won't be hurt!
The irony is that letting 8 million Americans die will tank the stock market. https://twitter.com/rezaaslan/status/1242222732634279936 …
This is the most distressing part of this whole thing. It's horrifying enough to choose who lives/dies in triage between HUMANS. But to choose the stock market over human life is repugnant.
The stock market doesn't do as well when most of us are sick and some of us are dead https://twitter.com/JStein_WaPo/status/1242154844057714688 …pic.twitter.com/UNcgpAvTNd
Does he think that the stock market will be fine with 8 million dead Americans? https://twitter.com/rezaaslan/status/1242222732634279936 …
the stock market and the “lives” of fetuses rather than the lives of actual, living, breathing people who can feel pain
They dont want them to hear there may be light at the end of the tunnel alot sooner than they planned. They HATE that things may get back to normal & the stock market will SOAR!! I'm sure the Dems have something in the shadows...
He’s more worried about the stock market regaining before his re-election than he is about lives lost from this ! https://twitter.com/MysterySolvent/status/1242227030105751552 …
huge stock market rebound coming tomorrow.. should last at least a week.. maybe two (depends on how far, how fast)
Grow a pair and find your own job instead of depending on 3.5 Trillion-and-counting-government-bailout-socialism program called stock market! Get a real job.
Trump,Pence,Barr,and Melanoma need to contract Coronavirus! This will get the stock market to rise and the economy to reverse itself
And those trade offs will have to be human beings because that's what the Stock Market gods require. https://twitter.com/maxwelltani/status/1242119326897000451 …
“Nobody loves Asian Americans more than me. The Chinese virus is not their fault (unless they voted Democrat). People are saying, mostly experts, that no president has ever loved Asian Americans more than me. Stock market high. Dems losing. Sad.” https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1242202290393677829 …
We can ask anything we want? @ realDonaldTrump, why do you care about the stock market more human-residents of the country you proclaim to lead?
Trump tied his re-election to the stock market, with himself as the man behind the curtain, and now he wants it back
The virus shows the danger of a president who cares only about the stock market - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2020/03/23/virus-shows-danger-president-who-cares-only-about-stock-market/ …
I died doing what I love...helping the stock market stabilize.
$ CBZ's price moved below its 50-day Moving Average on February 25, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397449 # Cbiz # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/RQ6DROrHcF
The thing is, letting 8 million Americans die will definitely tank the stock market.
@ realDonaldTrump When doctors n nurses are getting sick n quitting cause they lack protective gear and hospitals are complaining of not having enough ventilators; it’s not the time to focus on the stock market n economy. Focus on saving lives. That’s the immediate priority!
The stock market falling is because people are finally starting to realize how bad this virus truly is...I’ve been taken coronavirus very seriously since I seen videos leaking out of China. When China went into a hardcore lockdown & closed its factories that was a huge indicator
Here's a list of CEOs taking pay cuts amidst the coronavirus crisis https://yhoo.it/2xi5yQD by @ ewolffmann pic.twitter.com/Ia1THFpZTL https://qoo.ly/353eu4 # WallStreet # StockMarket # Business # FTSE # Recession
... because the stock market is not the economy (for all but the 1%).
Radical market-fundamentalists. The working class must be sacrificed for the stock-market according to them.
Small businesses aren't traded on the stock market. The fact that so many are saying this is a out protecting the stock market shows how little they understand the economy. (3/4)
@ usernamerobinh is a moron and an idiot. Your mom and pop stores and restaurant do not rely on the stock market. The only people who need the stock market are failed business CEO like the idiots who ran @ United and @ Boeing.https://twitter.com/kazweida/status/1242233304125829120 …
Why are we continously bailing out ( # Socialism) corporations whose CEOs & senior mgmt financially mismanage them in order to enrich themselves & artificially inflate stock value with buybacks? These # Capitalists are all about the "free market" until it speaks & they lose.
3. Seeing the significant losses, investors are trying to redeem the money from the fund and hence funds are forced to sell the positions, causing a vicious circle in the # market. # stockmarket # stocks # stock # trading # news # investing # bitcoin # seeking # today # equity # analysis
I don't even need to watch, I have the transcript in my head already. "I am the greatest president and good numbers, poor people can die bigly, many people are saying. Stockmarket, great. China. Here's money, rich friends, lot of rich friends, Hillary's emails don't want a cure."
Lives are more important than the stock market and the economy both of which will rebound.
My latest, latest: The Future Fund can and should support the stock market https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/the-future-fund-can-and-should-support-the-stock-market-233502678.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw …
# AOSmithHotWater A O Smith up 2.5% = $140.7 million gain. At $5.6 billion marketCap, $ AOS represents 21.0% of the $26.9 billion # NASDAQ/ # NYSE # building # products industry. http://42stocks.com/cgi-bin/symbol.py?symbol=aos … # stockMarket # stocks # trading # market pic.twitter.com/UyA1oNpy90
I think when the stock market begins to rise it will be fast and huge.The hard part is figuring out when the rise will begin.
Why is Droopy Dog there and does anyone else think the stock market is going to tank tomorrow? pic.twitter.com/Iiz2FNIHeA
might prefer to die of a heart attack caused by OD'ing on velvety chocolaty nutty deliciousness rather by my lungs flooding while the president tries to wish away science and prop up the stock market
All pharoh trump is worried about is the stock market to see if his crooked money is still in tack. I hope he loose very damn cent. pharoh trump and those crooked azz senators and the rich and famous pull the stocks out before this virus really hit the fan.
JFC his supporters are already claiming the lives of Americans are not worth the stock market. Nice you Pieces of Shits. https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/1242155643173310464 …
so what is the cool thing to do now? animal crossing? look at the stock market? insider trading? online gambling? heroin? idk
Yeah would have been nice if they could have froze the stock market and all mortgages and rent and sent everybody home for a month , then just hit restart
White House: We’re Going to Have to Let Some People Die So the Stock Market Can Live https://flip.it/3BuH3h
His main thoughts are with stock market. Not American lives
Trumplation: I can’t brag about people staying home and the present state of the stock market.
He’s already to blame for the stock market crash due to his incompetence and lack of action. He’s also going to have the blood of every American that dies or has perm damage of covid-19 on his hands. Every single one. Resign today trump*, your rep can’t be salvaged.
First one of these I've had to just turn off. The PRESIDENT just said it was ok for people to die as long as the economy turns around. How do you dress that up and make it ok? He would willingly sacrifice everyone in this hashtag for the stock market. # whitehousePressconference
If he thinks he can goose the stock market significantly then he knows nothing of fundamentals, supply and demand.
He seems to think there’s a check list: 1)declare plague cured, 2)make America great again, 3)stock market resumes 29,000 and growing
The president’s nonsense generalizations today, rattled the stock market again! Trump killed any hopes for the market.
President Donald Trump has long pointed to the stock market’s success under his administration as a tangible endorsement of his economic policies and had often boasted about the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s gains since his election. pic.twitter.com/vBpNTxgdC0
trump used the first word only, he needs to shut up about this stuff. He is spitballing in an effort to improve the stock market and his followers are too stupid to know he can't be trusted.
Not even the economy, just the stock market number
I wouldn’t Trust Mnuchin if he was the last man on earth. The main reason the stock market is crashed is because of no confidence. He is the poster boy of why there is no confidence right behind Trump and Pence... https://twitter.com/RBReich/status/1242163074649313281 …
trump wants so badly to be done with this virus stuff and just go back to smearing dems and saying the stock market is doing awesome
DONALD TRUMP WOULD GLADLY KILL MILLIONS OF AMERICANS FOR A BRIEF JUMP IN THE STOCK MARKET. STAY THE FUCK HOME, PEOPLE! # CoronavirusUSA # COVIDー19 # COVIDIOT
Trumpublicans called coronavirus a hoax until the stock market crashed. They put their stock money winnings before the safety of the people. They knew about this months ago but did not take action. This administration has zero credibility. Trump LIED, People DIED pic.twitter.com/pNKg7GLvsn
With the growing fear of the outbreak and the various problems faced by the stock exchanges, the cryptocurrency market could soon be one of the last markets standing in case the traditional markets needs to be shut down. https://thedailychain.com/failure-of-the-centralized-markets-could-display-the-strengths-of-bitcoin-amidst-crisis/ …
Holy smokes, so now the Trump administration & Republicans are going to let millions die to protect the stock market & Trump’s re-election? This is insane!
Trump moving his press conferences to 6PM ET, 5PM my time. Why? Speculation: stock market less likely to crash on his words, kills local and national news reporting. A reporter in the press briefing should ask why it moved from noon hour to later.
What a real leader sounds like. He sounds compassionate, prepared, intelligent and he can even put a complete sentence together! Also his speech is about how to stay safe and not focused on the stock market. # TrumptheWorstPresidentEVERhttps://twitter.com/AdamCC75/status/1242110735838298112 …
Any way possible to get that Stock Market to rise. Never mind compromising human life.
I think about all those elderly people from “The Greatest Generation” (who in another era saved this country) that just heard # POTUS say in essence that his stock market is more important than their lives. # whitehousePressconference
Trump doesn't care if you die as long as his stock market recovers???WTF! https://twitter.com/Yamiche/status/1242234592154828804 …
$ LNN's price moved below its 50-day Moving Average on February 26, 2020. View odds for this and other indicators: https://tickeron.com/go/1397445 # Lindsay # stockmarket # stock # technicalanalysis # money # trading # investing # daytrading # news # todaypic.twitter.com/UKajwvYiOq
No. I do not find it acceptable to just let people die in order to protect the stock market or help a campaign. Instead, do this: https://www.thedreamcorps.org/update/longtermeconomicrelief/ …pic.twitter.com/u8PVLP7Rua
But he wants to be re-elected! The Stock Market will go gangbuster, it won’t matter that millions die
This man needs to go. Shut your mouth. All he cares about is the stock market. People dying means absolutely nothing # whitehousePressconference
What’s his strategy? Not gonna look good for him when Americans start dying in large numbers? Does he feel that if the stock market rises, people will overlook death?
my brother and dad are planning on investing in the stock market right now like i hate it here
I believe you're wise enough to see past his attempts to conflate a good stock market with sound decisions, and vice-versa.
Don how come you aren't tweeting about the stock market and 401K's anymore?
About the stock market https://twitter.com/SethAbramson/status/1242216309527642117 …
Stock market news live: Wall Street tumbles despite Fed's 'Big Bertha'; stimulus fails in Senate https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stock-market-news-live-updates-march-23-221605039.html …
Ray Dalio in November 2019 bought an insurance policy against the stock market crashing in March 2020.
Me, just some jackass with pre existing conditions objects to the idea I should die to help the stock market. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. I do take this personal. pic.twitter.com/bx4Af9XXgK
the stock market was tanking before the lockdowns
Trump wants to restart the US economy ASAP because he's afraid the tanking stock market will hurt his ree.. - Business Insider UK # Trump # PoliticalParties # Governmenthttps://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/trump-us-economy-afraid-tanking-stock-market-coronavirus-report-reelection-2020-3-1029024616 …
And why do we need the $2 TRILLION if we are back to normal next week? He didn’t mention his concern for the working families, he mentioned the STOCK MARKET AND BOEING!!
President has 0 impact on the stock market, 0 impact on pandemics occurring, and 0 impact on unemployment from said pandemic. Obama was responsible for the worsening of race relations, source: all time highs at the end of Bush and 50 year lows at the end of Obama.
what is the number of people you would be okay seeing die to make the stock market stabilize? quarter million? a million? if you say things like this without being able to actually draw that line in the sand, you’re both a coward and a fraud.
Can you PLEASE TELL YOUR HUSBAND to stop the theatrics and lies and take care of the American people he pledged to help!!! His inactivity trying to shield the stock market was inhumane and now he is back at it!!
Coronavirus could cause shortage of common medications (Chloroquine/Azithromycin) in US Teva and Mylan to jumpstart production (Big Pharma Stock/Share Market) of old malaria drug to fight novel coronavirus Lupus Patients Can’t Get Crucial Medication After Trump... # Coronaviruspic.twitter.com/frAdqqkGpN
But Galveston isn’t really shutting down businesses. In one sentence it reads like it is and then further down it says that it’s up to the business to decide
It's insane so many people think we can just shut down the entire country with no consequences! Shutting every business down will send us into a depression and millions will lose their homes and starve. The pandemic will kill less than 5% of people we're overreacting!
I think what we’re seeing is Trump’s scheme to avoid blame for the econ impact of the shut down. Next week he’s going to declare business as usual, and force the governors to say no. And then Trump is going to blame Dem governors in IL, CA and NY for shutting down the economy. https://twitter.com/renato_mariotti/status/1242237721411715072 …
No passing out though. Snack on fruit or something even if you’re not hungry. ok, shutting the fcxk up and minding my business
Adam, we are able to implement distancing by shutting down schools, business, working from home..this brings the economic activity to near 0. if we go back then the spread...
I thought non essential services were shutting? Why is nearly every store on Dean St still open? @ AlburyCity @ bordermail @ PRIME7Border Its like these shopkeepers are operating under the pretense that this will all just blow over. It’s business as usual. # essentialservices
City of San Antonio is shutting down as of Wednesday. As an electrician, some of what I do is technically considered “Essential Business” but I wouldn’t think most of it really is. Now the anxiety sets in until my boss tells us the game plan and if we have work.
I live in Ontario Canada we are shutting all business except for grocery stores and stuff like that. We are to stay away from anyone, except the people you live with. I hope we did this soon enough.
This is bullshit. Yes, states need help but they don't need it in this emergency bill. Crap like this that it must be done now is just wrong. Congress is not shutting down and going out of business. State assistance is needed, next bill is fine.
I’m under 40. So far the risks aren’t high for me and low mortality rate. If I distance myself from my elderly mother or wash my hands, shower, before dinner. Maybe sit far from her and no contact, that’s a whole lot better than my business shutting down.
So why are we shutting down business and the economy for non death sentence virus ????
Guess you aren't one of the people waiting for Chuck and Nancy to quit their political games, while you lost your job and business by government shutting it down. In the real world, millions of Americans are trying to figure out how to meet basic needs. https://twitter.com/McFaul/status/1242234308925898757 …
Jim, can you explain why Boeing would get a bail out? They manufactured planes that fall out of the sky - has nothing to do with shutting down their plants or business for 2 weeks
On the flip side, I have a friend who works for a private business & the owner is refusing to shut it down & insists its “essential business” to get an exemption to keep from shutting down.
@ GovMurphy the unemployment site is impossible to navigate/ check a claim. Shutting down non essential business is great and all, but maybe keeping us all on our feet would be a good idea also
What about COVID 19 tets? What about relief from all these business's shutting down?
There’s been enough cases of the Norwalk virus that warrant shutting down the cruise industry. Add to that the pollution & garbage they bring to beautiful cities like Charleston, SC. So yes trump, we can let them go out of business. https://twitter.com/NKingofDC/status/1242227512756842497 …
@ OregonGovBrown please consider the next ten years as opposed to less than 1% fatality rate. You have made a law that protects the 1 at the cost of the freedom of the 99%. Government has no business shutting down the free market. This is kill more, and for a longer duration. https://twitter.com/keligeancamp/status/1242228021370556416 …
Florida governor don’t give a shit while every state is shutting down Florida is still active. Prayers to anybody that has to go to work specially people in the health care business .
Media: 'Dual crises': @ realDonaldTrump's interest in opening up the economy coincides with "his private business shutting down six of its top seven revenue-producing clubs & hotels because of restrictions." @ farenthold @ partlowj @ OConnellPostbiz https://wapo.st/2wp9kYG pic.twitter.com/hsT6WVkekK
'The coronavirus pandemic is shutting down industrial activity and temporarily slashing air pollution levels around the world, satellite imagery from the European Space Agency shows.' We need to ensure there is no return to business as usual https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/mar/23/coronavirus-pandemic-leading-to-huge-drop-in-air-pollution …
For all we enjoy taking the piss out of his exploits with Newcastle, Ashley's actions have always been and always will be a disgrace and show utter contempt to so many people. Him and his slimy business empire need shutting down QUICKLY - this has to be the tip of the iceberg... https://twitter.com/jburt13_/status/1242231742137806848 …
Trump just exploded the MEDIA & Democrats hopes ! WE ARE NOT SHUTTING THE COUNTRY DOWN ANY LONGER ! WE WILL BE BACK IN BUSINESS SOON ! Pelosi can now stick her bill up her stinky butt hole and tear it up
Commerce and business in America has been brought to a halt. The coronavirus pretty much flipped a switch shutting the economy off
This is a Medicare for all preview and stopping air travel and shutting down business is a Green New deal preview
I’m now in the roofing industry and have been keeping a close eye. Most business I’ve spoken to over the last week have been very busy. I believe this is because it is working outside the home / business. With Perkins shutting up shop I’m wondering how quickly this will change
Yashar: Our governor here in Arkansas announced the other day we will indeed not be shutting down non-essential businesses. It feels very oddly business as usual here, even for such a right-to-work state.
The liberal governors are shutting down small business like here in NC. We only have about 300 people with the virus and no one has died. We are under attack by socialist. You can't find. TP.milk.bread. GOVERNOR ROY COOPER IS A SOCIALIST
I promise I’m not a dumbass and I’m ALL for social distancing/shutting down places of business but....what’s the plan for after the virus is gone? No one will have money...businesses will not be able to reopen...what’s the plan?
We need to be vigilant and look out for neighbours etc. Drug users are still gonna need their fix. With business shutting they will be looking at burglarys or robberys.!! #CoronavirusOutbreak#UKlockdown
Kathryn Thomas charges people €250 a pop to do workouts - the very thing every second person on Instagram is doing now for free. But yeah, let's get her on to talk about shutting her business not the 100s of others out there with no back up jobs in RTE # cblivepic.twitter.com/yEa5YRkGw0
He’s a business man. Shutting down the economy for a prolonged period of time goes against everything he knows.
I am 100% supportive of the precautions currently being taken in the acute setting (hospitals) however shutting Business down is the over reaction. Self isolation of the vulnerable will stop the rapid deaths. Most healthy people like the flu can handle it like the flu.
ACCOUNT UPDATE: 30 day countdown. I am shutting down this account and will be rebranding and merging personal & business/consulting to @ CaroleBakerTV - Please follow me there! Simplification is the new black.pic.twitter.com/QZIeJumSU6
Shutting down businesses and forcing people from moving about and conducting business is unconstitutional...
With so many states shutting down for anything excepr essentials I'm kinda hopin that we do something like what Italy did with bills, but unfortunately it would have to be at local/business level There's too much "socialism bad!!1!11!!" for anything useful to be done federally:(
How exactly is Trump going to reopen the country for business? He hasn’t been the one shutting anything down! Luckily, because we’d all be fucked if it weren’t for our state governors
right over here in my state they are shutting down all business besides the restaurant and grocery store
This has nothing to do with what’s going on locally. Why don’t you cover the business that are shutting its doors and the people who can’t make their rent payment.
@ GovMikeDeWine last Thursday you required business to take employees temperature. Why did you not wait to see if this would help before shutting everything down?
So every business that's struggling/shutting down was irresponsible? The American economy ALLOWS no large scale savings for most of the middle class
Wow. Canada is just shutting down big time and lumpy wants to open U.S. for business again soon. Okay then. Someone needs to remove this asshole
Trump & Pence want to go back to business as usual next week. Florida isn’t shutting ANYTHING down. And Faux News is salivating to crank up the propaganda. But # COVID19 isn’t going away. It’s here to stay. And we’re about to lose an entire generation.pic.twitter.com/R6lVkhBQTZ
Shit thing is, they all but concede full lockdown will happen, but refuse to do it proactively, whoch is tha attitude you need to slow this down. No use shutting schools after it is no longer safe to keep them open. Same for most business.
Dear customers due to government advice on Coronavirus/COVID-19 we are shutting the shop for at least 3 weeks upon which point there will be a government review. We will still be open for business via phone/e-mail, but maybe limited in what we can do. Stay safe, update soon!
Most companies *should* be shutting down because they're not supposed to call in workers unless they're an essential business. My bet is that most of the companies will stay open until they're ordered to shut. So you probably can get an order through if you go quick.
Denver shutting down all non essential business tomorrow. Liquor stores and dispensaries are packed!!!
Well now it looks like won't be renewing my drivers license since now they are CLOSED due to shutdown. Thank you Gov Whitmore for all the help like shutting down the business that pays me, restaurants that I eat at now I can't even get my freaking drivers license renewed.
It depends on how they report the deaths and how many underlying issues were there. No one is suggesting we do nothing, but I fear shutting everything down will cause even more problems. My concern is for the workers and small business owners. Politics aside, it's a real issue.
Just going through the list of business not shutting down 2Row. @ BorisJohnson your message wasn’t strong enough hope you have enough police on the ground to force them to do so. As for @ piersmorgan I would love you to have few rounds with those decision makers on your show.
My SIL got laid off by a small internet company because the places that use them are shutting down because business is down & because people can only work at home for so long. Didn't think I could hate Democrats any more than I did after Pelosi tore up the SOTU. I was wrong.
I got news for you @ realDonaldTrump The rest of the world is shutting down & the US won't have ANY business. You really are that stupid. https://twitter.com/mog7546/status/1242223954418454531 …
We are closing down Scotland for three weeks, everything but the most essentials are shutting up. Your president has chosen to allow people to die to back big business. He has made his choice, if you are old, poor or not socially isolating your days are numbered. He does not care
I’m being serious. He is a billionaire. You don’t make billions from small companies. Do you own a business? Because my business is days away from shutting down and 30 families are going without $$ because the Democrats can’t pass this bill. Pass the bill and 30 fams survive.
This is blatant profiteering from Mike Ashley. His business needs shutting down. Now. https://twitter.com/MartynMcL/status/1242212527888650241 …
Pretending having full hospitals puts a bigger drain on the economy than shutting down every business is such an insane argument.
It’s time to Quarantine and Brand! I’m thinking about all the businesses that will be shutting down in the upcoming days. Your small business shouldn’t have to suffer and you shouldn’t have to worry! It’s time for… https://www.instagram.com/p/B-F_G53AdzJ/?igshid=tqcvaasvzib8 …
And those of us with small businesses get no help. My landlord is still looking for rent $, Hydro reminded me today that my bill is due in 2 days, and now the government is shutting down my business indefinitely! When should I file for bankruptcy?
My thoughts from the get-go!Could this be why'the world' is shutting down all business in a never-before seen global reaction?A reaction to a virus that most will recover in this extreme has puzzled me from day one.Why are so many in healthcare&politics participating in the panic https://twitter.com/RealJamesWoods/status/1242139124414345223 …
lockdown doesn’t mean you can’t go to work..do you understand that’s like the world shutting off, obviously every business will take precautions
No.they expect compensation for the govt shutting their business down. If the govt told you that you couldn't do your job, you would expect unemployment right? Same here
Since the business are shutting down due to the virus and the employees out of work can we offer them free service until we get this under control I mean it'll also be heck of a lot easily to gather our information properly for the departments and company's
VF: "Trump has become agitated with Fauci's candid public comments...he's 'fuming privately' that Fauci has advised shutting down businesses...Trump is speaking with business leaders about starting the economy up again...putting him and Fauci on a path to clash more directly." https://twitter.com/VanityFair/status/1242212651079553025 …
I just heard Trump say this'll be over soon; sooner than most people think. He hinted he wanted to get some ppl back to work. Meanwhile governors grow in number shutting down business in their states. The stock market fell again as Congress played politics. Sheesh! # TrumpVirus
@ GovKemp thanks for shutting my business down with your new order. I would ask you (gov kemp) to surrender your salary to all my employees until April 6th. Put your money where your so caring heart is. 1.3% mortality rate. Let's do this every year for the flu too. Ridiculous
One leader shutting down the country for 2 wks to save lives while another is pretending his country is business as usual. Sad times of our history indeed. :( https://twitter.com/cgtnamerica/status/1242217513754206210 …
@ GovernorVA readily admitted in his news conference that his additional measures in shutting down business and restaurants for 30 days in # Virginia that there would ls be more # suicides more # abuse more depression. Yet he still is on board with # NancyPelosi
Yeah tomorrow morning proceeds as usual for us but would be nice to know. One of our vendors in Michigan sent us an email today saying they are shutting down business for 3 weeks. I am currently designing a tool with their components. I am for the shut down to stop the virus
One leader shutting down the country for 2 wks to save lives while another is pretending his country is business as usual. Sad times of our history indeed. :( https://twitter.com/QuickTake/status/1242214579578552320 …
# gym # coronabusiness Got a note from my gym, shutting down so fees of $18 a week suspended But they asking for $6 a week to support business and staff so they can open straight away when this is over I’m in for that, super smart business
Yes because when 500 people die out if the 300+ million in the country, shutting down the country, destroying markets, and ruining small business, as well as inciting a recession and raising unemployment is the perfect response. Thanks for opening my eyes
Duh. Of course people travel back & forth for business I know that. Fixing our porous borders has nothing to do with that. The shutting down of inter'l flights from China was a huge plus &probably saved a lot of lives here. I'm not against people traveling or biz.
You shut down many small businesses for 3-4 weeks and they’re gone. Done. Out of business. That’s a ridiculous idea. 2 weeks is fine. But shutting down an entire country is silly. 20% + unemployment is absolutely not sustainable.
Trump said let ‘em all die. We ain’t shutting nothing down sh*t. Back to business, go ahead and spread the virus as you wish. # PressBriefing # TrumpSlushFund
An egalitarian society would have Universal Basic Income for all citizens LNP shutting down parliament till August without a cent of stimulus monies paid to struggling people is a mockery of democracy after ordering shutdown of small business Are politicians foregoing wages?
I dont even get to lock down my companies open for business which makes no sense really. Why are factory workers forced to work? We got hundreds of people in our company. Not shutting it all down makes shutting everything else down useless. We could spread it if we have it.
For a guy who’s had every business shut down, @ realDonaldTrump fails to see this is the one time shutting down (temporarily) equals success.
you have no idea what you're talking about. I am a small business owner, and I pay a TON of taxes. Several of my friends, who are tax-paying small business owners are shutting their doors and firing their employees right now.
Landing a new gig? I’m in the middle of orientation and bosses are figuring out if they’re shutting down the office. Trying to determine if we’re an essential business.
Following the government’s announcement tonight we are shutting our shop and mail order business with immediate effect. Stay safe, stay home and we’ll see you soon
. @ SeamusGolf, which makes headcovers, is shutting down its business temporarily to make masks for healthcare workers. Founders say they'll give them out for free, so if you're in need, try them at masks@seamusgolf.com # SportsBizhttps://twitter.com/ematuszewski/status/1242210921302437889 …
The Feds aren't the ones shutting down business in New Mexico, that is the Governor. Trump has his own issues that I have major problems with. But here where I live, it's the Governor and Mayor making the decisions.
I believe Luhan is panicking when this is spreading misinformation and fear by shutting down business for no reason.
Great scoop by @ fintechfrank on Adaptive Capital shutting down following a "big hit" during bitcoin's large drawdown on March 13th. Two sources familiar with Adaptive's business told The Block that the firm came out of the drawdown down more than 50% https://www.theblockcrypto.com/post/59343/crypto-hedge-fund-adaptive-capital-is-shutting-down-after-it-took-a-big-hit-during-last-weeks-bitcoin-price-plunge …
Fair point. If the government is shutting down my business, they should pay. Similar concept to what the government does to farmers, often times paying them NOT to grow crops.
# COVID19 # UKGoverment I have spoken to three friends, one works at a construction site delivering concrete around London, one works at build base, one works at greg’s (delivering) all have been told by their boss it’s business as usual they are not shutting?
The shutting down of one city, besides neighboring cities that are open for business, highlights the fundamental lack of understanding about the Covid-19 virus.
proposal is loans to bigger corps; not grants. But the government shut them down and financial difficulties were not cause by the business owner(s). Be like NASCAR shutting down Hendrick and expecting Jordan Anderson to be able to employee all of his people at their prior wage.
Well you can forget the “30 days” piece of this. These businesses are now all out of business. What’s wrong with limiting occupancy to 5-10? At some point we’re going have to find a route besides shutting down the world. It’s just not sustainable. https://twitter.com/LoganSherrillTV/status/1242150783778541571 …
Josh Robinson, co-owner of Denver's Argonaut Wine & Liquor, on the rush at his business right now: “It’s created a safety issue in the short term. The mayor said not to panic buy but that is exactly what he encouraged people to do by shutting us down.” https://www.denverpost.com/2020/03/23/liquor-stores-dispensaries-closing-denver-shelter-in-place/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=socialflow&utm_content=fb-denverpost&fbclid=IwAR2JA9-uVNEf6Mnzt-7EsuaFI26XRPgspf_EmRcvGhyQ7v2gC2ilD_V2EkY …
I am so happy to see this. The MA governor did a good job by shutting down all non-essential business. Aaaaand the snow day helped too. https://twitter.com/OnlyInBOS/status/1242201996385452036 …
All essential business should get a tax break at the same time hazard pay for the workers. In sure a lot of businesses in NJ are not shutting down even if they are not essential.
He will and when he does don't overreact if he makes a mistake here and there, he's been quiet this off-season and i think it has to do with shutting the media down and handling business on his own and working for next year. We are going to see that killer instinct again
They had to end up shutting down the IT business. The son-in-law searched and applied for jobs for months. Even applying to be a police officer. My daughter is still looking for a job even as she attends classes online. We now have no income to help them. Our family always....
There's people who has no way of income whatsoever due to everything shutting down. No people out, no business? Having people on the streets will not solve covid from spreading. it will worsen things for everyone.
Why? If the business isn't an essential business it's not in one of the designated categories then dob them in as they should be shutting down or allowing staff to work from home those are their options. Of course you'll get idiot bosses but you can't let them away with it
You're too stupid to function. I don't want an effing thing from the government. Not one damn thing. We aren't shutting down period. If you bankrupt a business bc of some projection based on random data from other countries, you should be liable.
The island is shutting down to “essential business” only @1600 today & all I can think of is how I have no board games..
My dad and his brothers aren't shutting down their hunting business and have out of state hunters coming in and then I burned 6 pieces of toast in a row making lunch because I couldn't stop staring blankly out my window. At least Animal Crossing came in today.
"The actual no. of people who are sick with the virus in South Korea is at least 2x what’s being reported, so the chance of dying is at least twice as low, standing at about 0.45 percent " Folks this is not worth shutting down our economies for. South Korea is open for business. https://twitter.com/AaronKleinShow/status/1242171379052679168 …
State’s shutting down. Grateful to be part of an essential business and to keep working during this. Some people weren’t so lucky
Shutting down the economy will have a vast and unknowing expense on human life. Who many people will commit suicide now that they can’t provide for themselves or their family anymore? How many small business will go bankrupt? How do you quantify these things?
I guess I shouldn't mind you Inslee officially shutting down our state to all non essential business. 3 weeks is good. But obviously keep the grocery stores, gas stations & pharmacies open. I'm diabetic and need to be able to still go to these places. # COVID19 # coronavirus
I’ve not seen anyone report that the US is on a trajectory to have the highest #of COVID-19 cases in the world in the next 4-5 days. Most states still aren’t sheltering in place or shutting down non-essential business. In CA, not enough citizens taking this seriously.
Shut Down the USA put the people on strict curfew and lets get ride of this Virus. The fuck you waiting for @ realDonaldTrump what’s the point of only shutting down “essential business “ when they gather more than 5 people in these businesses? Your pretty much contradicting a rule
Our own small business will be shutting down. Who gives a shit that the air carriers might have to re-negotiate their loans or that Big corporations won't be able to do another stock buyback on the taxpayer's dime.
If I’m doing “time” aka house arrest while shutting down my business, laying off 27 loyal employees for “you” and “you” are outside making selfish decisions, making “my time” longer and as well as damaging all local businesses financially and potentially past any repair
I don’t think it’s clear, I think it’s pathetically vague when we need clarity! So you can’t mix with anyone... other than all the people you work with yes he’s shutting non essential shop etc but what about other non essential business? Public transport? He needs to step up!
Poorly run businesses? Shutting ppl in & closing all activity doesn’t really lend itself to a healthy business climate. Corporations are like people. They tend to spend when times are good do you spend more when you make more? Should we punish you for not foreseeing a pandemic? pic.twitter.com/mbGqDqsHN3
This is what you are shutting down $1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child $250 Billion-Unemployment Insurance $350 B-Small Business Loan Program $100 B-Hospitals $11 B-Vaccines $4.5 B-CDC $20 B-Veterans Healthcare $12 B-K12 Education $5 B-FEMA $10 B-Airports
This is what you are shutting down $1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child $250 Billion-Unemployment Insurance $350 B-Small Business Loan Program $100 B-Hospitals $11 B-Vaccines $4.5 B-CDC $20 B-Veterans Healthcare $12 B-K12 Education $5 B-FEMA $10 B-Airports
We've already been told if we want to self isolate we will hit attendance triggers (disciplinaries) However, if the business shuts down we will be ok & on full pay, the business hasn't announced it's shutting down.
This is what you are shutting down $1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child $250 Billion-Unemployment Insurance $350 B-Small Business Loan Program $100 B-Hospitals $11 B-Vaccines $4.5 B-CDC $20 B-Veterans Healthcare $12 B-K12 Education $5 B-FEMA $10 B-Airports
Surely mail order business should be encouraged as it reduces the need for face to face contact? If they were shutting down Amazon I think we'd have heard.
There's a line between business as usual and shutting the country down.
@ JudgeClayJ is Gamestop considered a essential business? Because they are not going to be shutting down and are continuing to open after the shelter in place.
Why are non essential businesses not shutting?! Putting my husband and us at risk just so that business doesn't have to pay out!! Fkin disgrace.
The economies will bounce back but it might take a bit. There’s a group of people near me I feel really bad for though. They had planned on shutting down the business at then of November for renovations, a massive fire at the beginning of the month shut them down early. Now this
Just we on my lunch hour to support Game Depot with some business. Dave said that the distribution warehouse is shutting down.
All employment and business (save for shops) will continue as is with as many working from home as possible. Law firms not shutting but running on small staff etc.
Shutting down your entire state local business economy damaging it so badly that no one will ever recover without even waiting for proof of necessity is not how a leader handles a crisis. It’s how a politician tries to seem relevant.
You are prolonging their situation by not shutting everything down for 3-4 weeks because asymptotic people who are still forced to work will infect others. And then others. This will create the same problem. More shutdowns of ‘nonessential’ business. More surges. On and on and on
What’s the difference business shutting down or slowing business and not going to work for two weeks over the Christmas holidays vs. # ShutItDownNow and not going to work for two weeks in March Ruining Trumps Economy and # reelection ??? @ TheJuanWilliamspic.twitter.com/59L7m2wmIN
BREAKING: Oklahoma-based carrier with 160 drivers is shutting down this week after more than 77 years in business. Get the details https://transportationnation.com/oklahoma-trucking-company-with-160-drivers-is-shutting-down-after-77-years/ …
Many people on both sides. My stance is if they don’t do this, we will be dealing with an impacted economy, local business shutting doors for good and all kinds of mess for at least 4-6 months. Rather them lockdown for 15-30 days and hopefully get back to normal
Yup, we're on lockdown from the rest of the country. Couple of confirmed cases up my end of the state, and some business are shutting etc.
Maybe I’m crazy but I think the consequences of state-mandated business shutdowns for potentially a couple months are much more severe than the virus itself. There’s got to be some balance between staying safe and fully shutting down everything.
What about black business and SMMEs that provide these good and services? Why are they shutting down. Let me just go sleep, maybe I'm being over analytical about the mention of the Ruperts and this 2 billion.
Not trying to be super demanding in these trying times, but you can’t be a leader and innovator that’s shutting down brick and mortar businesses & then not have a plan to be ready or adapt quickly. Otherwise it just proves that nothing beats physical presence in business,no?
I think I’m still permitted to go to the office if necessary as we’re not a business the govt is shutting & the courts are still open, for the time being at least.
His heart isn't in the right place.. What's this do? I get not allowing dine in right now. But shutting down liquor stores just puts more out of work right now than have to be. Now it'll just pack more people into grocers to buy it. And potentially put locals out of business. https://twitter.com/RadioMoser/status/1242190566944882688 …
I’m confused?!! I don’t think it’s clear, I think it’s pathetically vague when we need clarity! So you can’t mix with anyone... other than all the people you work with yes he’s shutting non essential shop etc but what about other non essential business? Public transport?
Susan Collins Goes Nuclear on 'Disgraceful' Democrats For Shutting Down Virus Relief Collins said that the delay was "disgraceful" as she shared conversations she has had with small business owners who are relying on the stimulus package to get passed. https://trendingpolitics.com/susan-collins-goes-nuclear-on-disgraceful-democrats-for-shutting-down-virus-relief/ …
We're shutting down whole states but Trump won't even tell one business to start making ventilators today because he's afraid of the Monopoly Man. https://twitter.com/yeselson/status/1241965972782751745 …
The whole things make no sense to me shutting down states , cancelling flights , closing restaurants and small business doors not the appropriate mesures any government s take , will hurt more people especially the poor collapse the economy , rather have businesses opens as usual
I’m confused?!! I don’t think it’s clear, I think it’s pathetically vague when we need clarity! So you can’t mix with anyone... other than all the people you work with yes he’s shutting non essential shop etc but what about other non essential business? Public transport?
Beyond a doubt. The rest of the world is shutting down and he wants to go back to business as usual.
clapping emojis Trump Can't "Restart the Economy" That's A Decision For Business Leaders Who Were Ahead Of Him In Shutting It Down
In Texas, gun stores are open for business, but the state is shutting down procedures at women's health centers — and threatening violators with jail time. Shameful. ABORTION IS ESSENTIAL HEALTHCARE https://twitter.com/CBSNews/status/1242182057587027968 …
The virus has caused people to completely lose their minds. If you question whether completely shutting down all but essential business regardless of location or cases, your called a shill for big corporations. Nuts! The media has sufficiently scared the sh!t out of folks.
Everything is shutting down around here. All we can do is all we can do. Can’t even do an in person game but here’s to supporting local business. @ Wizards_DnD @ CriticalRolepic.twitter.com/5MLz7PLjsX
Okay I’ll go to non essential work and sit in an office with hundreds of people because you never said the words you are shutting none essential business down crafty with what don’t say arnt you Boris @ piersmorgan have a word please!
Shutting down mine and my mums business that took her 15 years to build, not knowing what will happen...really heartbroken tonight # coronavirus
Ontario and Quebec are shutting down all non-essential businesses while the UK is shutting down all non-essential shops... Is shop a British word for business? If it isn't, this is just tinkering and most people on the train today will probably be on the train tomorrow.
To get franking credits the company pays a dividend from profits. The markets are dropping & business is shutting down. The prediction is 6 months. If you own telecommunication shares you might be better placed than most to get a franking credit in the next 6 mths.. so maybe.. https://twitter.com/vanbadham/status/1242042787379339265 …
Clear as mud. Construction sites open for business as usual. No shutting them down for the pure fact the outlay to support thousands of self employed will be the final nail in the coffin for the economy. Central London will still be busy with all the manual labour tomorrow!
it is extremely hard to even start your own business, there aren't enough jobs out there in reality. There's just a few massive corporations that hire people. Small businesses are shutting down because they aren't making money. While Amazon is worth over a Trillion dollars
Gov. Brown on latest executive order: I’m not interested in taking someone’s job or shutting down a business, if they can practice social distancing at work. https://twitter.com/fox12oregon/status/1242150049800278017 …
I work in online despatch for a smaller company and we have to go in and process orders despite our shops shutting down. We have to travel in and work in a close environment, ours is a non essential business.
Spent the whole week not sober, I hope the worms in my brain had a great time because I’m shutting this business down pic.twitter.com/l4jaRcQibL
tfw u post about shutting your business down and it gets more likes than my work I post
Business must play its part in stopping # coronavirus. For many firms, that means shutting their doors for the next three weeks. Makes it all the more urgent for the financial support announced last week to be delivered quickly to firms & employees. # StayAtHomeSaveLives
As compared to a business as usual approach, it will obviously help slow the spread of the virus. However, that's not to say there aren't better ways to deal with it without shutting down the economy. Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore are the best examples of such an approach.
I agree with you completely but his statement was still a bit ambiguous. He said he was shutting shops, not all business apart from that which is necessary
Smfh i work at an “essential business” so we’re not shutting down.
My business has been shut down in MA , I have been trying to apply for a SBA loan all day and the site keeps shutting down due to volume. I literally have $100 in my pocket and Congress can't get it together...SERIOUSLY
Not sure I understand your comment, but the loans are for business...individuals get cash. It is not either business or individuals, it is both that need to be helped as a result of the government shutting down the economy for public health reasons, not irresponsible business
There’s government interference in everything, but shutting down businesses without the consent of business owners is not capitalism.
My son's and his wife's company's are not shutting down Can you explain what is essential business? You need to clarify what is considered essential business. Is manufacturing heat ducts essential? or Making electric motors essential?
This is what you are shutting down $1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child $250 Billion-Unemployment Insurance $350 B-Small Business Loan Program $100 B-Hospitals $11 B-Vaccines $4.5 B-CDC $20 B-Veterans Healthcare $12 B-K12 Education $5 B-FEMA $10 B-Airports
Trump people constantly amazed me at how ignorant they really are NY State has issued rules & orders about shutting non-essential businesses down for safety There in a business locally that the owner told their employees that it was business as usual today
Still confused, shutting shops, cafes but I am in a private business?? Do I go to work tomorrow? @ BBCNews @ itvnews @ ThanetCouncil
Thank them by shutting down non-essential business in the Winnipeg.
because we can't afford it.Canada is spending over $320 billion to compensate for the losses of wage workers, the UK is spending over £300 billion to compensate workers after shutting down business while Pakistan barely has $12-14 billion in its reserves thanks to IMF/China/Qatar
Her work isn't shutting down because it's considered essential business so she got her doctor to get her a quarantine order. To be honest I haven't felt like this since my first tour in Iraq.
Yeah I don't see my husband and his brother shutting up business cos they can't do it from home?!
I’m not saying they aren’t at risk. Just less vulnerable. People are acting like everyone’s bank accounts are stacked and can just stay home till August. Fed saying stay home for 15 days. States shutting down private business till end of April. This chaos isn’t sustainable
For those who can understand why we in Australia, have been in a state of emergency for weeks. With full lockdown - business closed Schools probably shutting down soon too pic.twitter.com/IN2MFuXt7X
Am I mad to say that I still don’t think they are being strict enough?? Although ill have to continue working due to being an essential business I feel like they should be shutting everything that isn’t needed to be open???
shutting down kasi walang available equipments. what im trying to say is, be realistic sa demands minsan. What we should be equally concerned abt is how thes private business owners are handling situations like this and helping.
But he’s not shutting other business other than shops etc so loads of people will still be going to work in factories etc?
It's not. People are still going to work etc. Its not shutting all business other than supermarkets and drs.
Please go on TV and instruct Congress to pass a bill directly paying the taxpayer back money stolen by shutting down our ability to make a living. These Bill's should not be business as usual padding it with your wishlist @ SpeakerPelosi @ SenSchumer
Houston is slowly creeping up to the top a lot of casel s over 800 but mayor Turner has made it very clear that she's not shutting anybody down it's business as usual and anybody that says that he's going to prosecute
This reaction is hurting more people than helping. Shutting down almost every business out there and putting so many people out of work can't possibly be helping anybody.
How are these businesses the federal and state governments are shutting down going to pay their bills? How are their employees going to pay their mortgages? Business owners are not eligible for unemployment.
if you want us to mind our business, try shutting the fuck up-
Wow my dad just told me he lost his job due to his business shutting down. I hate this world dawg.
One question I did manage to hear the full Q&A. Do rules apply for things like churches? re: Govs order limiting gatherings of no more than 10 people. @ GovParsonMO: "We're not shutting business down" but they need to abide by the rules. No more 10 people & 6 ft. apart.
Try spewing your partisan bullcrap to those unemployed and business shutting down. See what result you get.
Just open the country back up for business shutting down 90% of the country is ridiculous and uncalled for. I am very tired of this crap
@ optimum scum of the earth right now shutting off service on struggling small business and not having a representative to address the issue.
It is a bit silly shutting down a business if all staff are working from home.
Every business / company is taking this out of the Governments hands - every company I've ever purchased off is shutting down.
Perhaps business owners who stand to lose everything think there may be a more reasonable solution. Protect those who need protecting of course but shutting down businesses will be a disaster. My employees won’t be able to draw unemployment forever.
Their only hope is to work with Trump and the GOP then show how they did a better job. State control is what is shutting down business and not the federal. We can slow the curve then get back to life being very cautious while those that are old or at risk remain in shelter
@ OptimumHelp thank you for jacking up prices this month and shutting off my business service because my autopay didn’t make the payment. Business is closed and now cameras are off. Great to see you doing your part as a vile business during this tough time.
Accept he's not getting it. He is not shutting down the job sites. He's letting construction corporations govern themselves. Because he's pandering to his business buddies
lol The people defending the # SenateDemocrats from denying people money they need to survive cause a couple of rich people might get some money too while not understanding that not every business owner is rolling around in mountain of cash and are shutting down cause of the virus
South africa is shutting down your business too. You need a solid solution. We are here for you so you manage other essential parts of your business while we migrating # shutdownsouthafrica
Virginia joins the ranks of extreme measures taken against the Chinese Virus shutting g down everything, stopping short of a shelter in place. Pray for our children, essential business owners and workers, and the soon to be millions out of work. # WarRoomPandemichttps://twitter.com/GovernorVA/status/1242148818449125376 …
@ optimum thank you for shutting off cable in my business today during this tough time. Autopay stopped since you jacked prices. Business is closed and I have only cameras to protect against theft. Cameras are off now and you aren’t taking any calls. What a vile business.
Ontario officially shutting down all non essential business at just under 500 cases is the shit we love to SEE
And by business as usual, basically trying to keep up with hotel update and renovation schedule that the franchise has already setup delays until Dec. Not like can order non-essential products atm with several supplies shutting down... Disconnect is real folks.
I'm thankful that my job has no site of shutting down as we are deemed essential business. But fuck I would love some time off.
And I believe Trump's instincts were taking us there after banning flights from China. If we learn anything it should be allowing the shutting down of business & freedom of movement within our borders is more destructive than any virus.
I told them if they truly believe that, they'd get their act together and rage at the government for not shutting non essential business, and they spurned me for bringing up the notion!! So these people as a whole are just utterly lost as to how shit works!
It would have been less expensive to order businesses to close for two days, sterilize their business and employees mandated to wear masks and gloves. Shutting down everything everywhere could/would never contain # Coronavirus
Governors represent& work 4 constituents in state # 10A @ POTUS EXE. Branch responsible 4 MILITARY, SECURITY & COMMERCE Governors WHINING about # Fed r NOT doing their JOB Shutting down PRIVATE BUSINESS is NOT their job Shut down gov agencies not private sector # Constitution
VA shutting down all non essential business for 30 days! What the hell? Maybe that's why they went on their big gun grab earlier. # noresistance
So we could continue to pay our employees instead of shutting down our business. They mandated paid leave for employees of small business. There is no cash flow to pay the leave so small businesses are forced to layoff workers. No more job or health ins. They tried to fix it.
Google has been shutting down features on Google My Business. "If your business does not provide a critical, health-related service then it may be some time before you see any edits go live on your # GMB listing." What about important # tax and # business relief information?
Shutting down non-essential services is a 'step in the right direction': Business Council of Canada CEO https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/video/~1927152 @ AmandaLangpic.twitter.com/g0f6btyK3C
The impact will get worse based on cause and effect; 1. oncoming recession (pre-existing bubbles), shutting down of business and federal reserve creating money. A stimulus may help temporarily but the fiat will devalue quickly 2. Non-flushable wipes will clog the sewers
After seeing the start of the business shutting blood bath of yesterday, I’m truly hoping folk like @ drmeinoz @ PeterZaidan_ @ KateyLouByrnes are still battling through as best as they can. It really does crush my soul seeing what is happening out there
Nope. They basically advocated for herd immunity. The messaging has been atrocious. Yesterday, spokesperson said “outside is better than inside”. Delayed shutting business so insurance can’t be claimed. No rise to SSP, so people can’t afford time off.
I think the Chinese government should pay the United States for all medical expenses and the loss of business making by shutting down.
We can buy wine and beer at local markets but Hard Alcohol is only sold at liquor stores. They are shutting down non essential business.
@ dougducey please mandate that all skin salons, beauty salons, nails, etc shut down - we are in too close contact with clients we need our landlords to help us small business owners, this can only happen by shutting us down. Please
Man this is probably a bad time to be a business owner unless you run a health facility. Here I was tryna get outta working for someone and the damn world is shutting down. Let me sit back and shut up until this blows over.
@ realDonaldTrump hey I am retired, work part time to supplement income. I would love to go back to work. But if putting the workforce back on the street causes this virus to spread more like China then what's the point. Look how fast it is spreading with shutting business down
Thanks for not shutting business down means a lot. You suck as an Ohio governor
This is the one thing Wash DC hasn’t made plans for… Governors shutting down states for business… $ SPX hasn’t priced this in, but the uncertainty going forward has to put downward pressure on price action.. Ski watchhttps://twitter.com/ChristopherJM/status/1242174644641304578 …
@ MIAttyGen I’d like to report a business in Ann Arbor who is not shutting down despite the shelter in place. They have told our employees that we are still expected to report to work... despite the new regulations. We are an appliance retailer...
This bill will destroy our economy. Can you issue a bill that prohibits state execs from shutting down business and liberty. PA has had a total of 6 deaths and our gov. Has just decreed that we cannot leave our homes.
If your company is considering shutting down IoT assets due to financial pressure, please call. We're offering FREE services allowing you to temporarily reduce infrastructure costs to zero while still having a business later.
With the # coronaviruscrisis shutting down business operations across the county and reports of crashing state # unemployment websites, # layoffs are looming large in many people's minds. Do you have a good # outplacement program ready if you need it?https://rairesources.com/outplacement-worth-the-investment …
@ GovWhitmer how do I report a business who is breaking the laws of the “shelter in place” they are not shutting down and are not an essential business. Also they will not pay workers anything ... I am able to preform my job remotely.
This is so frustrating. Bureaucratic medical officials were allowed to set policy with no concern about shutting the U.S. Down indefinitely. Getting business back to work is a much better fix for the economy than waiting for Congress to act.
Shutting your business and not knowing when you’ll open again hurts. A lot
She’s kept us all on for now! But was considering shutting the business completely and making as all redundant. Hopefully it won’t come to that at all x # womaninbizhour
Well governor shutting down non essential business, and schools for the renaming of the academic year, so to all the essential employees need time & 1/2 for this shit I’m just saying
Charlie Parker shutting down Gun shops and sales nor essential business letting felons out of jail our first priority Massachusetts
@ MaryLouMcDonald just listning to your interview on RTE does your freeze in Rents include business? We are a company in a prominent shopping centre who employ 25 odd staff and we are faced now with the reality of shutting our doors. Landlords atill looking for their rents @ Bannon
This has nothing to do with donors or the stock market. Shutting down the economy is easy, restarting not. Meanwhile millions of small businesses will go out of business permanently. Just look at the projections for unemployment in the coming weeks - it's already in the millions!
I guarantee drowning in the blood and mucus of your own lungs hurts you a lot more than shutting down your business for a few days but please keep posting asinine hashtags
Hearing News why does the bill not pass to help unemployed people and not shutting their business down because Democrats both Senate and the Congress.Not getting what they want money for global warming and other issues.Not to focus on you vote them back in November. Unemployed
You best off shutting your entire network down. You had my business for the best part of 13 years. You will never get another deposit or player transfer out of me. And about time everybody knew just how morally incorrect you online operators operate. # number1sitemybackside
So memphis is shutting down except for "essential businesses" ... you know i work for an essential business
I really believe that their business shutting down is their worst nightmare. So idk
@ MikeDeWine is hurting himself with the people. Need to shutdown all NON-ESSENTIAL jobs. Like all clothing factories, car factories, and so on. Shutting the whole state down, will end it quicker. Longer it goes on, the more small business hurt.
@ sherman21 I guess your ok with business shutting down cause schumer has to play games
It’s not a bailout , this is compensation for the government shutting down their business. And thereby putting workers. out of work
So, Ontario is shutting down all non essential business effective tomorrow night at midnight. This means likely hubby will not be working. The company has 2 weeks covid pay. Wondering if that's for the shut down.
If we don't mind our business and do the right thing by shutting the country down now, this Italy we're crying for today will render aid to us tomorrow.
Gov't is taking from business by shutting them down. 5th amendment takings.
didn’t know i needed to state that, thought it’d be common sense with literally every other business shutting down due to this pandemic.
I have 1 question. Does shutting down all non-essential business include or exclude booze and weed? # COVIDー19
What’s crazy is people are losing their jobs, business are closing, schools are shutting down, families are sacrificing not to see each other...etc etc. Yet you’re still gathering in a large groups and having guests over. Smh. # forthwgreatergood # SocialDistancing
Small business owner here, in our first year. Slowly shutting things down in South Dakota, we could use this to help our whole building filled with small businesses.
$HoosierScooter just got told we're shutting down all business for the next 2 weeks pls send help
Even though the wine stores are considered an essential business and are staying open, California is shutting down! And Italy! And Spain! Now I am understanding the stocking up mentality. pic.twitter.com/mqQQopcsPA – at Total Wine & More
So apparently Pizza Hut is an essential business and staying open in Wisconsin while Evers is shutting down all non essential businesses like bro what?
Gutted were shutting things down on our other business. Worked 6 days a week for the past 10 days to get it to where it is today. But peoples health comes first. Luckily we can still have access our trainer restoration unit so postage is still and option. Thanks for your support pic.twitter.com/HLzCF5PXyx
@ GovInslee Hey this is getting ridiculous. Get it together and talk to us, haven't heard one word since that sham of a briefing on Friday, we have major city's and huge business shutting down. Tell us something. You should be speaking to us everyday
i ain’t shutting down cuz my business is very essential
With more and more of the UK being shut in their homes and business and shops shutting their doors people need all the support they can get... All I can do right now is stream, and community build - get people together online to talk. So that's what I will do.
I just don't think that's going to fly. I'm not a huge fan of the governor here in WV, but after our first case of true community transmission this morning, he is shutting down all nonessential business, indefinitely, and we are ordered to stay at home. I'm happy.
The sooner we shut down the spread of Covid19 the sooner we can reopen for business and be healthier! Why are we NOT shutting the US down? We aren't even testing all that's sick the numbers lie anyhow shut it down.
Choice may not be an option. Blame your government for not shutting down non essential business. This is a calamity in the making and suffer you shall. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Humm, where have I heard that before.
Now that non-essential business are shutting down in MA, I get to spend my day telling all my customers that none of them will be getting their product on time! What could possibly go wrong?! Friendly reminder to be nice to people and stay the fuck home.
I'm still waiting for official confirmation if they are shutting down all non essential business or not.
Wow my office is considered an essential business so we ain’t shutting down. Fuckin whack
'We cannot wait any longer': criminal defence firm halts face-to-face contact | News | Law Gazette Some firms may follow suit but there is currently no uniformity relating to criminal firms and lawyers shutting down. Business as usual! #keyworkers#Covid19 https://www.lawgazette.co.uk/practice/we-cannot-wait-any-longer-criminal-defence-firm-halts-face-to-face-contact/5103594.article …
This is a much harder condition than closing all no-essential businesses. It is shutting us down too, despite being an essential business. https://twitter.com/jaketapper/status/1242157059120009217 …
I'm really not sure shutting down business is helpful. Schools yes, everything else, at your own risk... # TBYGov # MAGA # KAG # Trump # Trump2020 # WWG1WGA # VoteRed # QAnon # DrainTheSwamp # KAG2020 # MAGA2020 # Q # WWG1WGA # WuhanFlu
More like shutting down aid to business and individual. FIFY
With the buzz surrounding poker. we need to use the momentum to push for legalization in the US and other areas currently shutting down huge portions of the available player pool or dividing the player pool up providing unregulated sources opportunity vs new positive business.
So the government shuts business down... but then refuses to pay for the consequences of shutting business down.. I'm amazed the market is as high as it is right now... $ SPY # COVIDActNow
@ jjhorgan it’s time to shutdown the Province, Ontario and Quebec are shutting down. It’s time that you show leadership and do the same. Don’t worry about the jobs and the economy, lives are more important. Order all non essential business to shutdown. # LockdownCanada
If it wasn’t a family business I would be hoping you were off for some full time pirate raids Glad they aren’t shutting you down and screwing up your business. I’m home so I’ll be swabbing the decks pic.twitter.com/Dm28enQlyJ
I work in a warehouse so cant work from home and we still open for business with nothing being said on whether or not we gonna be shutting or if we aloud to self isolate as a precaution
@ SRuhle @ AliVelshi your coverage is always insightful and you ask great questions. As a small business owner (essential business pest control), we are already shutting down - hope temp. All this talk about helping us - heard nothing that will. Tax credits/loans do nothing.
Shutting down the economy to slow down the spread over months will result in personal, business and government insolvency. Put people back to work and concentrate on protecting the vulnerable. Virologists are not suppose to run the country.
lol I was trying to learn sign language our governor is on now shutting down all non essential business pic.twitter.com/aigzZqTgiQ
-Hatcheries already have pretty biosecure protocols in place because of the nature of the business so I don’t see them shutting down. -Got any indoor space to grow? Basement? Get some grow lights, start from seed indoors. With good lights you could grow year round
As will be shutting SA down as small business owners will be greatly affected Support me iam selling inuka products especially perfume to support me at this time these are the few products # cyrilramaphosapic.twitter.com/QECHZEeb9t
Like what is this topsy-turvy world we live in where Conservatives are shutting down business? I’m shook. Also, gonna do a big grocery shop today, so we can comfortably stay completely inside for 3 or 4 weeks.
Ford announcing that non-essential businesses are being forced to close is the most outrageous thing I’ve heard. If THIS MAN, open-for-business-Doug-Ford, is shutting down businesses, y’all better understand that this is serious.
Shutting down my *HOSTING* Business in Zim
@ Steve_Dangle with Ontario shutting down non essential business and services as of midnight tomorrow i would like to declare you, your dang-its and any youtube video you create an essential service. We need laughter nowadays # essentialdangle
Liberals more the conservatives pushed for lockdowns and shutting downs of business, then oppose corporate bailouts which and state that the government have to control how that money gets spent. It’s laughable. Government should never have any of these controls # COVID19
Free money? No honey, its partial reimbursement from the government for shutting my business down. Restitution if you will. And it doesn't go into my pocket, it goes to my workers and landlord.
@ DNC get your shit together. You’re bankrupting people, shutting down business and playing politics. https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/1242068101824479232 …
Shutting a business down is a loss of property rights guaranteed under both state & federal constitutions. Article 17 of state constitution grantees due process before business can be shut down. Ned is and will always be incompetent.
Through this whole crisis, every single org has been like "Everything's fine, business as usual" up until the minute they announce they're shutting down.
Look again we don't take kindly to the government telling people they can't work and shutting down business because 400 people died. We are watching government overreach like I have never seen in my life. Trying to contain something that only GOD can contain Churches even closed
Hey Ladies & Gents I Know We Are All Going Through Hard Times And Are Very Overwhelmed With This Pandemic Going On. I Encourage Everyone To Stay Safe Will We Get Through This We Are In This Together. I Know With A lot Of Business Shutting Down It Can Be A Bit Frustrating. pic.twitter.com/ZSBHAPFUZ6
How can you bar layoffs when the government is shutting down their business? Seems to be an obviously stupid question.
I don't like shutting down but when the state government says they will fine non-essential businesses, the decision is taken away from the business owner. Hope this doesn't last any longer
Do Not Fear - Part 2 - YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxJTZt2Ey4Q&t=335s … ... Q for @ NYGovCuomo! You &Newsom <3ed Shutting Down Business, Why did You let Wallstreet continue to trade; spreading # ChinaVirus? Some called on FedGov to shut it down, but; You could've saved Trillions in last 2 weeks!
I still can't get over Gov Holcomb doing a long leadup about how proud he is of the private sector for shutting down or contracting their business severely only to end with "Thanks". No solutions, no plan for their survival after threats to pull their licenses. Just "Thanks". GFY
Great. They will be out of business in a week now too. This is insane. Open up America. We can’t sustain this. Death rate in pa is 0.005% and falling. We have gone overboard with shutting down the economy. We may never recoup these losses.
No point talking to him, he has all the answers apparently. They didn't take it seriously in Italy, now they're begging us to take it seriously. Besides, shutting everything down for 2/3 weeks or partial shutdown for months, what does the greater damage to lives and business?
That’s not true.. they want more than just lower class they want for business to! Business are shutting down & there is nothing for them to go on. A stimulus package should be for EVERYONE! And no IM NOT A DEM
Republicans need to step up the amount and to each American $3K and tell these renters to chill out rolling rent price penalties and late fees when business are shutting down keeping people from giving them their money in the first place. @ realDonaldTrump @ GovKemp Address That!
Probably. I'm in the evil 1% and I don't want or need the money but my business certainly will have problems if this lasts longer than a couple of months. All I see are overreactions. From shutting everything down to throwing money recklessly. There has to be a middle ground
Yes but as someone who was born here you can find a job easier than those who werent. Since its a small business theyre suffering even more. Im mad the owner isnt shutting down either but some cant afford to shut down. This person doesnt care about losing 2 weeks of pay.
You have another day to get one - it’s shutting its 2050 outlets at close of business tomorrow. # greggsshut
Thank you for working so hard and being an example! Please continue to look into housing, income, and small business relief for those affected. Thank you for shutting down places so people can't be as reckless
Who do we contact if a business says their not shutting down and closed the cafe and workers of 200 have to find a spot in the warehouse to eat cold food besides them having to work when you asked for them to close and boss said only way for them to stay home is use own vac time
A while back I let you guys know that commissions would be shutting down. However due to the coronavirus impacting my family’s financial situation I will once again be opening up commissions. We’re open for business! Please DM me if you have inquiries. RTs are greatly appreciated pic.twitter.com/TskudRnzQf
Failure to disclose recipients of aid. Not enough aid directly to people - especially sole proprietors/independent contractors. Shutting out health providers that receive Medicaid payments from small business loans.
How is the government going to ensure all non essential business are adhering to the rule of shutting down for 14 days?
My dad owns a restaurant here in Wyoming. He has been for completely shutting down the country. He’s going to get killed finically and there is a real possibility of him not recovering. But that is why we’re more inclined to like that previous bill. It would help his business.
I dont understand why they are not shutting down all non essential services/business? @ adriandix @ jjhorgan @ bcndp No reason for them to be open. # FlattenTheCurve Please! People aren't listening. Groceries, health care services, pharmacies, gas stations open all else CLOSED!
Actually the gov’t shutting down business is socialism, or communism. I agree the first checks should go to the people but the gov’t has a duty to small businesses they closed. We don’t need high unemployment, we need for people to work.
I usually don't beg Chief, but I do beg to defer. There are governors and mayors in their right minds taking proactive measures to protect their citizens. They are forcing actions This plaque shutting down schools & business is the direct result of Trump's gross mismanagement
While some industries are shutting down, others carry on, and some are even booming. 5 ways we can help you transition your business to digital » https://welovelearning.ca/boom-bust-challenging-time/ … # eLearning # RemoteLearning # RemoteWorking # RemoteTeaching # COVIDー19pic.twitter.com/5FctvJkbgX
In light of the coronavirus crisis shutting down the economy and wreaking havoc on the small business community, the Illinois Opportunity Project stands with the Illinois Business Alliance in calling on Gov. Pritzker to remove the graduated income tax from the ballot in November.
Yup my last laser may be my last laser. It's only a small business and they're shutting down, maybe temporary maybe not. Not good
You misunderstood the point that I was making. Even though companies are shutting down and laying off employees, they still have their plants to maintain which includes paying for ongoing utilities. Pretty common sense stuff if you know anything about business.
I work in Aerospace. Was just informed our raises that were to take effect today are now cancelled. Thankful to still have a job, but that was before Boeing (90% of my company's business) is shutting down for two weeks. Dems need to cut the shit already.
@ GovEvers Amid rumors the state is shutting down tomorrow, please don't do it without understanding the impact on small business and workers lives. The virus is bad, but there is no cure or vaccine for suicides due to losses, anxiety, depression. Gov aid is not available to all
Small business should really mean those with under 50 employees. The definition is far too broad. The only thing that makes sense is a Rent/Mortgage freeze. The money can’t add up without it. Our economy is $1.74 trillion dollars/month. 2/3 of that is shutting down.
State regulators are STILL executing surprise audits - we just had a demo interrupted for one in FLA. Clearly, regulators are not shutting down. If you are in the cannabis/hemp production business and need to prepare for/respond to audits while under quarantine, we can help.
Sorry but I am not an essential business and am shutting down for the foreseeable future :B
Got word today my business will not be shutting down and as a Director I’ll be working even more than before. So, less time in the lounge. All of you not as lucky to continue working please take care of yourselves. We will get through this and be better on the other side
Wish I could take advantage of the world shutting down and do something productive like make art or learn how to start my own business but instead I'm hotboxing the shower and trying to rationalize my anxiety
Well Maryland is shutting down all non essential business at 5pm today. So now im trying to get my shit and GO
Be straight with us Tom. Is this forced shutting down of private business constitutional? I say it’s not but I’m also not as educated on the subject
“Despite shutting down, Ivanka Trump’s brand will continue to seek new trademarks… she could resume her business after leaving her role in the White House. She retains ownership… and many of her trademarks will remain active as late as 2028.” https://www.citizensforethics.org/ivanka-trump-trademarks/ …
Wednesday they're shutting down barbers, salons and any like business.....
The owner of Governor Stumpy’s full service restaurant in Waldo, Kevin Ryan, says the patchwork of shelter in place rules is confusing for business. Thinking of ending his pick up food service and just shutting down # coronavirus # GovernorStumpysrestaurant # KMBCpic.twitter.com/NZlyLLvyvc
They shutting the city down two weeks except essential business starting at 6. We’re having a meeting at 2
It’s a global Health pandemic @ GovLarryHogan shutting down non essential business for the public safety. But what about mortgage, rent, water, electricity? Bills are piling up and jobs are letting go? # Bills do not care about Global Health Pandemic
just gave Public notice of my business shutting down aswell. I can say IM Very "Bitter" and angry at some folks! Online threats of Violence, Business shaming you name it has taken its toll. The government just twisted the knife ending my business!
This month is getting harder and longer. Business are shutting down. Salaries suspended or down right cancelled. Daily incomes are non existent, I fear the financial virus might much more harder.
Shutting down manufacturing plants and other places of business where large amounts of employees were required to report to work.
Just found out wisconsin is shutting down all non essential businesses starting tomorrow. Also just found out our label printing company is likely an essential business lmao
@ StephenMcNeil Why are fast food places still open? They can't maintain a 6ft distance in a tiny drive thru window, why are the police not shutting them down? Fast food is not an essential business, grocery store's are.
All non essential business in Maryland is shutting down and I’m still working. I guess insulation is essential business
@ RealJamesWoods As an owner of a small business, it’s sickening what Schumer and Pelosi are doing with this relief bill. Our customers are shutting down. We’re going to be there for employees as long as we can. # NancyChokesWhilePeopleGoBroke # SchumerHatesAmerica
shutting down all businesses without doing a shelter in place is really fucking unfair, @ GovLarryHogan. If I have to lose my business, make all these other assholes STAY THE FUCK HOME.
Bull fing shit. I do not feel confident in my leader. I think he deliberately misled the public because he knew that shutting down non essential business would hurt his hotels so he can go fck himself the orange cnt that he is! Divest or gtfo! Clown!
no small business are not "closing", government is shutting them down. this economic calamity is the product of GOVERNMENT https://twitter.com/RepTimmons/status/1242114861590630400 …
So they basically shut down the entire world over some virus that’s not a big deal the nba mlb nhl and basically every other business is shutting down because this virus won’t kill a lot of people. Your right look at Italy it’s a complete disaster
Government: We are shutting down your business Also Government: We will give you a loan to restart your business, and charge you interest.
@ SpeakerPelosi @ RoyBlunt small businesses are shutting down in my community (including MYSELF) and my family.. I cannot work and I am sole proprietor! My hands make the $$, I cannot work because my business isn’t essential https://twitter.com/senatemajldr/status/1241929925923397634 …
Our business is based in Dallas County and the county is shutting down
After the Old Strathcona Antique Mall shut down Friday, had a conversation with its co-owner about the extra weight of shutting down a business that is also 1oo little businesses. @ edmontonjournalhttps://edmontonjournal.com/news/local-news/covid-19-old-strathcona-antique-mall-closes-partly-in-response-to-social-media-flak/ …
Our Dallas-based primary book printer is also shutting down as a non-essential business at close of business today. Expect ripple effects on product releases & more!
greggs shutting only means one thing, more business at clives bakery
@ GovernorTomWolf Small businesses have been promised help for shutting down and heeding the advise and warnings of the state and CDC. We cannot request unemployment and business loans, may take up to 21 to even process. How can you help the small businesses in this time?
As bad as things are in Washington, the situation across the river may be worse. Unlike their DC counterparts, Virginia ABC is shutting down restaurant beverage carryout options. These small business owners need every available tool to stay afloat and Mom needs her 'rita.
Manawatū business shutting down as country goes into coronavirus lockdown http://www.newssummedup.com/a/13lgmz
Cases go up in Massachusetts everyday. Shutting down a small business on the corner does nothing, people are still going out. We need a LOCKDOWN BEFORE MORE PEOPLE DIE # shutdownma
I am a small business owner and you have NO CLUE how our economy works. Meanwhile, we may have to layoff valuable employees unless we can get access to additional loans NOW to keep them working. Shutting down access to a building is not critical, loosing employees is. Shameful.
My coworker lives in West WI (work in MN 10 min from WI border) & just heard WI is shutting down non-essential business. Ik we got purple blood over there, along with rival fans. Gotta give an S/O, stay healthy, stay safe, stay smart, and wishing the best for you & all yours
Governor Baker has disconnected his phone line. Use ResistBot to thank him for shutting down MA 'non-essential business' and to ask him to shut down dangerous detention centers, before the virus gets in and it's too late. # shutdownma @ MassGovernor @ polito # ReleaseThemNowpic.twitter.com/atOuezGly3
Hello everyone! Due to Michigan’s government mandatory shut down for non-essential business, Kilgore international will be shutting down all operations starting Tuesday, March 24th through Monday, April 13th. We appreciate you all for supporting our family business!
Useless until coronavirus is under control. Honestly why bother right now? Unemployment is increasing and businesses are shutting down. A closed business isn’t generating value and is worth nothing.
Though once the entire country goes on “lock down” in terms of non essential business shutting down I’m sure a lot of mailing/deliveries will also come to a halt for the most part.
My city is about to start mass testing after shutting down businesses last week. Real efforts to revive the economy come after stopping the pandemic. Until then it seems that all business efforts is a waste of resources.
Isn't it about time the politicians start to earn their money in this crisis with Coburg 19.shutting down of small business and the unemployment of hundreds of thousands of people is not the answer, and adopt in the policies of Singapore isn't the COVID 19 and the answer for as
Governor of RI- we’re shutting down recreational business Me, who works at a fabric store that’s super busy bc everyone is making masks: : • )
With all due respect mayor why are we not shutting down non-essential business? Why take the risk?
Obviously # coronavirus is not a hoax, pace @ RonPaul; it's a very serious thing. But it's very hard to see how shutting down every "non-essential business" rather than ordering employee distancing is worth the massive cost of such a policy.
Crazy to think so many business are shutting down for good due to this
There’s two sides to this man... as a business owner shutting down the state over 2 deaths (so far) seems a little premature. 2 deaths is tragic, but let’s slow things down a little bit. Numbers are going up because testing is increasing. Just my thoughts.
I know shutting every business down will absolutely kill the economy shithead! I know voting down an aid bill will absolutely kill the economy. I know vile democrats like @ gretchenwhitmer will absolutely kill Michigan's economy. Millions of Americans? I don't think so.
@ GregAbbott_TX 349,000 cases WORLD WIDE of wuhan virus. THAT low #does not WARRANT shutting down ANYTHING! NO STATE OR COUNTY SHELTER IN PLACE ORDERS. IT IS NOT SUPPORTED by the # s i am reading. NO SHELTER IN PLACE OR STATE LOCKDOWN IT IS GOING TO DESTROY BUSINESS and lives
We’re shutting every business in the state down but hey, at least you can pray remotely. Fuck off.
Step 1. Write ! Take this time to push your pen to levels you ain’t ever see them go before. Stop bull shutting and get them bars up. FaceTime a friend and let them hear your latest masterpiece. You are a business, act like one!
In what world is shutting down non essential business and telling people to stay home in order to slow down a pandemic political?
I was laid off last week because of all these business shutdowns. Now the dems won’t help me try and pay my bills after shutting down everything. My employer said we were headed for a record breaking year in revenue before this. I don’t want to lose my mortgage/house cuz of dems
maybe the costs of total lock-down compared to just social distancing and shutting some business aren't worth it, but we can't know that.
Kansas is shutting down tonight at 12:01am unless you are an essential business. Which I was shocked to find out includes hydraulic parts distributors.
actually this is a result of not shutting down the economy. suspend payments on debts, close the market and most private jobs and provide universal income for a month and the virus wouldn't have spread and the economy wouldn't have fallen as far.
There are other choices, @ crampell, between "business as usual" and shutting down the economy, causing extreme hardship, including death.
my job somehow found a way to get them selves listed as an essential business so we’re not shutting down LMAO WATCH ME LEAVE THIS BITCH AND NEVER COME BACK AGAIN. THEY JUST LOST THE BEST SUPERVISOR THEY EVER HAD
massachusetts shutting down non-essential business tomorrow too bad basically *everything* is considered essential here lol what a fuckin joke bruh
It's the states shutting down business not the federal government.
Shutting down your SEO and marketing efforts right now can hurt your business in the long-term and make it harder to recover! Here’s how these services can only help your business during these times! https://bit.ly/3dgNwPp # SEO # DigitalMarketing # MiamiFLpic.twitter.com/FujvYMVEYZ
@ GovEvers Is this going to include shutting down remote operations for schools? Or are we still in business? can we still travel to and from school for work and deliver meals?
Correct, back then businesses made bad deals and got bailed out by Bush and Obama. This time its a virus and the government shutting business down thats causing the economic chaos.
Like the Italians hadn't done it a week ago. Don't blame the public when gov only giving advice not shutting things down (due to business considerations). About time this gov. got it's priorities right.
For folks thinking that # Coronavirus is just a “hoax” to hurt # Trump, why are so many countries curtailing tourism, closing borders, building hospitals, shutting schools, halting shipping, shuttering business operations, limiting personal freedoms, and tanking their economies? pic.twitter.com/L914ryJluc
Yeah, but nonessential business is like. Nothing. Dunkin isn’t even shutting down.
I might announce that I’m shutting my business for new Wills only. If anyone needs to put a Will in place, then you must do so by Friday. Then on Saturday announce we are back due to public demand
Maryland is basically shutting down at 5 today. No shelter in place, but business are shutting down unless they are essential. Here we go y'all.
Starbucks is also shutting all its Irish operations as of close of business on Monday @ StarbucksIEpic.twitter.com/utHVibF3SL
Persons are losing their jobs; The elderly and sick are dying; The virus is spreading like wildfire; hospitals are besieged; business are shutting down; tension, uncertainty and panic are becoming the norm .. and the parents in my class are worried about their kid's report!
My is business is open but barely surviving because everyone else jobs are shut down and therefore they are not coming in buy our merchandise because they are holding on to their money other than groceries. Other jobs are taking the advice of CDC and shutting down
I work for a small business. Shutting down for a few weeks won't kill us but a few months could be a death knell
Realistically, I think our only solution is shutting down cities like NYC that are going to get pummeled by coronavirus, while keeping less effected places open for business. 30% unemployment is not sustainable in any way shape or form.
Re: socialist Definitely a statist type action, but this is taking responsibility for the mess they helped create by shutting down *all* business, which, of course, is a fascist/socialist move in itself. The gov should respond in crisis, even in a libertarian world.
The RV plants are shutting down up here for "2 weeks." Just talked to a couple of friends who are small business owners. More than 2 weeks, the losses will be catastrophic. We've got to have a better plan. If you are a praying person...PRAY. This is America, we will conquer!
service, yes, people need to entertain themselves & families and games and hobbies could do that, but I don't want to further deny the consequences of being infected with this and possibly infecting others along the way. Shutting down non-essential business is likely to happen.
I think every politician should go without pay during this time. If government is shutting business down, then they can feel the pain as well. # PelosiHatesAmericans
Michigan is now closed for business. Between dem govs shutting down entire states and dem legislators fiddling while Rome burns, one would hope this would be the end of the dem party et al @ greggutfeld @ CarpeDonktum @ realDonaldTrump
If y’all see me riding with expired tags mind yo business since they shutting stuff down!!!
Is it just me or does this not say anything in relation to shutting down? Seems to me like it’s business as usual but with perceived safety measures
I own outdoor retail stores and will be completely shutting down. Why do you allow Costco and Walmart and other super stores to have hoards of people streaming through? They need to change the way they do business now or they will continue the spread
The government are not shutting schools, cafe’s, bar’s, restaurants, cinemas, theatres, gyms and play centres and providing money to subsidies wages and save business which will put the country in debt lightly, they are doing it as stopping contact is essential to save lives.
@ dougducey Thank you for NOT overreacting and shutting the State down. Business is hurting ENOUGH already. Irrational responses are the answer. Private/public partnerships are the answer.
Because shutting 45%-55% of business without surging supplies and test in tandem has put a dent in an economy without real curtailing of the virus. Last week we basically shut down and yet we’re not much closer to full scale testing than we were before. https://twitter.com/CNN/status/1242103840377372672 …
Do you or anyone have a running list of states that are "shutting down"? And those that are still business as usual?
NY Gov Cuomo just said 98% who test positive will recover. Why in gods name are we shutting down business IN THE ENTIRE STATE OF N.Y. for 2%???
Hogan shutting down all non essential business as of 5pm. No shelter in place order yet, it once he sees no one is listening it will eventually happen.
Less than 50k people per year die from suicide. You cannot spread suicide. 1M die from car accidents. You cannot spread car accidents. The economy requires people to be alive and well in order to thrive. Without shutting down, the only business thriving is funeral homes. # BeWell
all non essential business shutting down at 5 today
@ GovEvers ~ REALLY TWEETING THAT YOUR SHUTTING DOWN BUSINESSES AS OF TOMORROW?! You are Destroying business, why can’t these business continue to do delivers or pickup? Democrats Destroy Everything they touch!
@ GregAbbott_TX WHY AREN’T YOU shutting down all Businesses & ordered a STAY at HOME ORDER? Dallas & FtWorth have already issued a Stay at Home order & closed Business. Every Life lost in Texas will now be on you. Why are you waiting Lives should take Priority over Money Do it NOW
Not shutting down will drag this out longer and destroy more small businesses. Quick and decisive action is called for to save live AND the economy. Now isn’t the time to protect big business...they will only suffer in the long run.
Part of the socialist plan. I usually am not a conspiracy theorist. But read Rule for Radicals. Chaos and economic destruction is NEEDED for them to grasp power. For some reason they have decided the time is right. Letting prisoners out, stoking panic, shutting business down etc. https://twitter.com/LibertyCliff/status/1242095418588233728 …
Her constantly saying “my business, my business” wasn’t a problem? Shutting him out and treating him like an employee while not fulfilling her role as a wife was cool? Her insecurities kept her from listening. He had good marketing plans but she was against pretty women.
Um, I work for a competing auto maker and I would say if they've been told what we've been told, Ford won't be shutting down because they're considered an essential business.
You and your fellow government workers are making all the rules about our lives...shutting down business, workers being laid off.. but you will not lose your job or miss a paycheck. Let see y’all cut your pay 1/2 and feel the pain.
You and your fellow government workers are making all the rules about our lives...shutting down business, workers being laid off.. but you will not lose your job or miss a paycheck. Let see y’all cut your pay 1/2 and feel the pain.
I think the economy is tanking more because of the insane overreaction by shutting oir business down Once there's a plan to reopen it will rebound but it better happen quick We can only survive this for one more week if we're lucky... As you stated this is not sustainable
You and your fellow government workers are making all the rules about our lives...shutting down business, workers being laid off.. but you will not lose your job or miss a paycheck. Let see y’all cut your pay 1/2 and feel the pain.
Join us TODAY at 1pm CST for a live webinar to hear expert insights and top recommendations on "what's next" and what to do in this very uncertain phase between shutting down and re-opening for business. # COVID19 # crisismanagement Register here: http://ow.ly/yBnk50ySton pic.twitter.com/4dNRfoyWfi
Join us TODAY at 1pm CST for a live webinar to hear expert insights and top recommendations on "what's next" and what to do in this very uncertain phase between shutting down and re-opening for business. # COVID19 # crisismanagement Register here: http://ow.ly/FzUB50yStp8 pic.twitter.com/zTouK3ZuAW
After 15 days of sheltering in place we should be able to more accurately weigh the risk v reward. Is shutting everything down doing more damage than going on with business as usual? Is crippling the economy and losing jobs worth the risk of spreading the virus?
# fedBullard says unemployment may reach 30% # coronavirus # coronaCon shutting down business is wrong common flu has killed 1600 this yr # chinaflu under 400 # quarantineElderly and let Healthy people go # backTowork
Y'all do realize all these government officials making decisions on shutting business down, THEIR PAYCHECK DOESN'T STOP. so please spare me with your sympathy.
Wonderful @ MassGovernor You’re shutting down our gun business but specifically singling US out as a business that cannot get loans or grants? I call complete BUlLSHIT. We will be staying open as GUNS are considered PPE.
For months I’ve been so upset about TWF shutting down. Now, a lot of people are experiencing the same thing. Letting go of a dream job or business is life changing. If anyone needs a person to listen, or words of encouragement I’m here to help.
governor shutting all non-essential business down until the 7th
FYI... "corporations" didn't cause this. Its not a bailout. Its reimbursement for government forcefully shutting down business.
We are losing our jobs, states shutting down businesses, ppl need money to pay bills, buy food, this can’t go on, small businesses are going to go out of business after working so hard.
Looking to talk with business owners who are closing because of Gov. Lamont’s latest executive order shutting down all non-essential businesses. Email me your contact info at Luther.Turmelle@hearstmediact.com
# China is increasing its repression of # religion, "Authorities are subjecting # Muslims to an unprecedented amount of # surveillance, shutting down # Christian churches, and forcing monks to pledge allegiance to the state." Business Insider # Religiousrepressionhttps://twitter.com/sadir_Palwan/status/1207056736248569856 …
Evers officially said we’re shutting down the state except for “essential business” let’s hope essential business has changed
Yes if gov forces people out of work by shutting down business/jobs. An be clawed back with 2021 tax filing for those who earned higher incomes. Lower income people need help
@ HMRCcustomers Im a single parent claiming tax credits. My employer is shutting the business due to coronavirus and has offered to keep me on the books with the government 80%. Do I need to make any changes to my claim?
I agree my friend. People just going about their *business. Shutting a few things down this late will help, but weeks ago was the time. Luckily smart people are doing their personal best. My son has to work as he is essential in an important job. Cannot remote in.
Honestly have to agree with everyone here about “loopholes” and not much changing from before. Would love to see a thread with a list of employers who actually care about their employees by shutting down business and paying them for the time their home
Big Business is already talking about tradeoffs between shutting the economy down and letting millions of people die right now, in public! That's what "shutting down the economy is public health issue too" is all about. They're saying "maybe letting people die is better for us."
the business guys are like hey you can't shut down the economy, but what they're really lobbying against is not shutting down the economy, it's supporting workers through the shut-down. they'd rather workers die than have any kind of freedom from their bosses.
1) shutting down all non-essential business in Mass is the correct decision, not enough people are taking this seriously 2) i'm assuming auto body is non-essential so i guess i'm not getting my car back until mid-april :(
You do realize the government is shutting down their business right ? Causing people to lose jobs. This is not a bail out.
Boeing shutting down will desttoy the pacific northwest. If the ho b rdd oke slk supliers are out of business. That's a bare minimum of 100k jobs lost in one stroke. We need them. That also doesn't account for the major loss to our national defense and technological innovations.
I've lost all respect for @ FleetFeetSports When did running shoes become one of 16 essential business structures defined by HSA? Shelter in place means cutting unnecessary trips, shutting down non-essential businesses & social distancing. We're doing our part, now you do yours pic.twitter.com/YZ7Yx3ISHs
I understand the importance of shutting things down, but my heart breaks for small business owners right now.
My coworker keeps shutting my laptop in the middle of me working and then lays on my chest and demand we take a nap together. Good for morale bad for business. pic.twitter.com/Pgu5U31MAt
Weird times when the local business news is running out of stories bc local business is essentially shutting down completely. https://twitter.com/rvabizsense/status/1242092861572743169 …
@ BorisJohnson Could we have a bit less dither and delay and # LockdownNow ? Faffing about with unclear guidance and not shutting non-essential business is going to cost lives
@ CyrilRamaphosa Please let's apply the principle of People Before Profit by shutting down everything and stopping the workers from going to work. The @ GovernmentZA has already stopped church services. It's time to stop business! # shutdownsouthafrica # COVID19SouthAfrica
What is their expectation? That business will just borrow money to pay their now non-working employees as they go into debt? This isn't realistic at all. Plus, millions have already been laid off due to their workplace shutting down. Not 'on furlough' -- laid off. No employer.
Just in the grocery line this morning I heard two separate conversations: "no way I'm shutting down my business"
Hey @ washingtonpost @ business @ nytimes @ WSJ and other media outlets... Drop the freaking paywalls -on all content! People are loosing their jobs and worse ... and in a time where we need access to current, accurate information, you are shutting us out. # dobetter # dropthepaywall
Except the federal government (and many states) have been clear. They’re not shutting us down. The onus is still on business operators to protect public health in most places. https://twitter.com/JradRabel/status/1241836194914349058 …
So I'm sat here wondering and worrying about where we go from here? New business and potential customers shutting up so as to avoid the spread of CV19, like many of you this means no income and what do we do? Delorean Time I think... # whopaysthebills # wheredothepenniescomefrompic.twitter.com/pVc393MbNn
Shutting down any business just based on rumors and fear is unacceptable.
As people fight over stupid issue us Americans that lost our jobs & can't pay rent are the ones suffering. Cant get a new job cause all the business are shutting down and my bills are piling up. We need help now. Stop arguing like children please # DemocratsAreDestroyingAmerica
1. When did our US govt get into the protective masks and RT PCR test manufacturing business? They never did. 2. A national response isnt shutting down the US economy.
Really feels odd being forced to work as "essential" to the business while everything is shutting down and no one is even buying everything. Just risking all of our health for a little extra money.
# NancyPelosi People are getting laid-off by the millions and you are sticking it to them good. Business needs support to keep the people working and you are shutting it all down... No businesses, no workers.. get your priorities straight Thanks
I’ve spent the morning crying because all my suppliers are shutting down. My inbox was full of announcements. This virus is going to kill my business. I’m terrified. Not a good way to start the day.
This can all be fixed but shutting down entire country for 4 weeks. Freezing ALL essential bills (I e. Credit, student loans, car payments, rent and mortgage). Offering loans to big business and grants to small business only if they don't fire or buyback stock and cap CEO pay.
Local business owners talk about shutting down to slow the spread of Coronavirus @ MezcalCantina @ thejagodalston @ paperdressedhttps://www.hackneygazette.co.uk/news/coronavirus-local-businesses-face-uncertain-future-1-6574280 …
Why is the Senate gym and pool open to ANYONE? Gym owners throughout the country are shutting down & possibly going bankrupt, but the Senate gym is open for business? I guess they’re confident they won’t face a medical shortage if they get sick. Some are more equal than others?
Society: "Collapsing" Countries: "Under Lockdown" Business: "Shutting Down" World: "Phatti Pari Hai" Students: "Bs Chotiyan Khatam Nhi Honi Chahiyen"
Local business owners talk about shutting down to slow the spread of Coronavirus https://bit.ly/2QE9rX4
If a business fails from a free market perspective they shouldn’t be bailed out, which isn’t the case here. If the government is shutting you down then that’s a different story. and How you know corp will use it for “profits” what proof do you have making those accusations
COVID-19 is having an impact on business. Some are shutting down, others are forced to do things differently. Federal support coming down. My guests on On Target-St. John's will be Rhonda Tulk-Lane and Andrew Wadden of the St. John's Board of Trade. 1:00 p.m.
I didn't think you were stupid. But I was worried that you (like many) might be adding to a panic that could cause unnecessary peripheral harms. Like governors shutting down all business, rather than quarantining high risk areas and citizen pools.
Thank you Governor Kemp for maintaining a level head and rational approach regarding the coronavirus pandemic. We don’t need to “make the cure worse than the disease” and shutting down all business in the state of Georgia would be devastating.
Also, same thing happened to me when the Enron thing occurred. It was like someone instantly shutting off business.
Business owners not shutting down: you’re making a terrible mistake.
In the coming days,human life will become more important than business or money..We need to prioritize fast! The earlier,the better..Nigeria you know that we know that you don't have the resources to fight this virus..start shutting down cities now!!
Yep. Business I worked for is shutting up shop in most departments.
Tough time for everyone, being an artist and a business owner (restaurant, store, coffee shop) lots of unknowns. For the safety of our family and others we will be shutting down the businesses entirely. # COVIDー19 # toughtimes
Here is a "checklist" for small business owners who are temporarily shutting down due to Covid-19... https://www.bowditch.com/2020/03/22/client-alert-how-to-close-restaurant-and-retail-businesses-during-coronavirus-and-plan-for-a-successful-reopen/ … # smallbusiness # businessowners # businessleadership # smallbusinessowners # entrepreneurs
That only further proves my point. We don’t react like this to the flu. We don’t even talk about it. We tell people go home get an over counter medicine to treat the flu, drink fluids, sleep and go about your business. Shutting down the country? Hell no. Time to open now.
Here's how to think about the costs of shutting borders to trade https://trib.al/73Nsvpb
Its risky! Thoughtful critics argue that at a 'point in time' the adopted startegy is not fully working: e.g. a ride-sharing company growing with -ve unit economics. Or a city shutting down to prevent COVID -vely impacts the small business (3/n)
No one is saying this will be over next week, some are saying that business needs to reopen next week with as many precautions as possible. Shutting down the economy for too long in effect is worse than the virus itself.
There's literally a book called "How to Lie With Statistics" and I'm not saying that our governor is lying but people would be safer if they stayed at home. Colorado's governor only issued an order that NON-CRITICAL business decrease their workers instead of shutting it down.
How the people come to eat the Indira canteen? How should people in village manage their daily needs if you are completely shutting down the state? How cab driver, auto driver pay their car, Auto EMI if there is no business for them for whole month? Please think of poor
Shutting down the economy for months will be the biggest killer...we have start thinking about managing the virus in the normal day life. Its here and will be here to stay for a long time.
Aren’t most of these politicians the ones responsible for most of our medical supplies & pharmaceuticals being made in foreign countries like China & now after shutting down business refusing to help American citizens?
@ fordnation let’s hope you’re shutting down construction sites. I was at my site today there is no # SocialDistancing no hot water, no hand sanitizer, no extra hand washing stations. But yet it’s still “open for business “ # StopTheSpread close the sites
One could argue the other way around. Shutting the economy for months will do more harm than good
@ ejonesjewellers why are you not shutting your shops now? you are not an essential business but making your staff travel unnecessarily ?? be responsible and shut your doors !!!
Most small business can't just take a hit though and keep going... Where will the jobs be when the market pics up if they keep everyone on and end up shutting
These companies were doing Great -- and stopped business due to the Government shutting them down. This is not a bail out due to bad business practices. Anyone arguing otherwise is generating propaganda
But the people moving until 6pm tomorrow (practically would be large numbers as most business are shutting down) would be carrying the virus along. So we would see the sharp spike in numbers by thursday /friday this week. Let's await...
If there was an existing transport or metro system, perfect. But it is now that you want to introduce long buses? They are coming find drivers and routes for them or what? You are immediately shutting down the income of the stakeholders and beneficiaries of the troski business?
As I understand it, bill blocked Sunday night directly helps folks not working due to pandemic. Shutting down small business, tanking economy & crashing market to hurt the President won't work! Democrats' actions sent America speeding down the road to serfdom. GET US OFF NOW! https://twitter.com/KurtSchlichter/status/1242072589435949057 …
finally won an award for shutting the fk up & minding my own business... a blessed day https://twitter.com/armycaratawards/status/1241894888511361025 …
Unfortunately the virus doesn’t follow American business models. Australia is a conservative country and we are shutting down nationwide to stymie the virus. You will go the way of Italy if you dont wake up !
Pt 1. While other ministries are shutting down things.. Passenger transport locked down, cities locked down, business locked down. Don’t you thinknit would be wise to extend the due dates for a reasonable duration within a reasonable time frame.
My job: We are not shutting down, we are considered an essential business. Me, on the phone calling off tomorrow: pic.twitter.com/kzlQFbOcwv
Many major UK retailers and franchises shutting on their own accord until further notice. This SHOULD AND NEEDS to be supported by the government today by a UK wide lockdown. Unessential travel, boarders and business need to go on # LockdownNow
And slowly this month, people in the middle who leaned toward believing the Left's cries for shutting down business to help the environment are now feeling the pain in their own pockets. Another Left voting point gone.
because the government aren’t shutting down all business ...some people can’t work from home like myself and if I want to make money I have to commute... life doesn’t stop and not everyone has thousands in savings to be able to not work for a few months.
absolutely! not shutting down the city wasnt about concern for the poor who live in high density areas, it was about making sure that the disease would ravage thru these communities away from the eyes of the upper and middle classes. business as normal bc those workers
Exactly it’s really mind boggling how many people are good with Govt just shutting down their business. Who’s going to pay their bills?? Let’s see this go on for another 8 weeks??
Eventually people will realize shutting down the economy is much worse than the Coronavirus. When you destroy people's family business that took them 20 years to build the result is suicide. We're going to see suicides in the millions. # Coronavirus (COVID-19) # SHTF # Collapse
From what I know he is letting the counties do it which is dumb! His logic is “I’m not shutting down the whole state so little business can fail” but irony is it’s going to hurt them in the long run. Because technically the two weeks of quarantine don’t start till the last thing
Last week: if any confirmed cases in town we are shutting down for two weeks *3 people get confirmed yesterday This week: wind power has been deemed nationally essential, business as usual until further notice pic.twitter.com/EzDOMEDqHk
... ultimately shutting down, which means everyone would lose their jobs. OR we could assume that a business can keep the employees and pay a higher wage and not close down. This doesn’t mean that they’re happy w their avg costs so they still want to make them lower...
@ GovMikeDeWine My company says they are not following the stay at home order and will not shutting down even though they are a non essential business. They said if I choose to stay at home they will not pay me. Would I qualify for unemployment?
And certain states knee jerk reaction shutting down all business
Countries: under lock down Business: shutting down World: wat lgi pri h yawr Students: bs kch b ho, چھٹیاں Cancel ni hni chai a
Haha I wish that was me, was my brother. He’s working till Wednesday then shutting our family business till this all blows over. share a beer behind perspex
How about you demand that Inslee issue shelter in place order shutting down next to everything. Big business runs Seattle. Other states have less spread, because they are taking these measures. LEADERSHIP PLEASE INSLEE?? # ShelterInPlace
When will they start shutting down plants and wearhouses most have at least 70 employees and there acting like business as usual. And employees are very concerned!
Sir what about middle class people we are also shutting down our business which runs on daily basis and we too have to pay emi's please give solution for middle class family too sir .... @ ArvindKejriwal
Small business owners vote Republican by overwhelming numbers. Shutting down their livelihoods for 3 months, or 6, or "However long it takes until everyone, everywhere is free of the hacking cough!" is...a political move wrapped in fake concern.
My son lost his job 2 weeks ago due to his business shutting down due to the virus. He’s queuing out side a major food store looking for work....With 500 other people and there’s 10 jobs. I’m not very hopeful.
Democrat Beshear is shutting down every business he can in Kentucky.
Yes because that’s totally what I said. Staying inside as often we as can is a good way to slow the virus but shutting down every business will destroy our entire economy. Then how do we slow down starvation and illness from malnutrition? One problem after another. Wake up
Yes! All of this! && I do get that I am working for a small business and shutting down is devastating and truly means no pay for their workers but I am like...what will they do if all their workers get sick?
Since Democrats are shutting down states and hurting the poor and small business unnecessarily, yes.
Democrat governors are shutting down states. People cannot work. Small business suffers. Democrats refuse to allow a stimulus. Figure it out, genius.
Not by shutting down every business in the US. Protect the elderly and have them shelter in place. Most are retired
China Could Close U.S. Nominal GDP Gap Due To Coronavirus https://www.tekedia.com/china-could-close-u-s-nominal-gdp-gap-due-to-coronavirus/ …pic.twitter.com/ziBBH4uxlQ
China Could Close U.S. Nominal GDP Gap Due To Coronavirus - http://www.tekedia.com/china-could-close-u-s-nominal-gdp-gap-due-to-coronavirus/ …pic.twitter.com/rcu4opNRAC
They want it to come thru in april so that there is a boost to consumption then. Q1 GDP will be neg, but they hoping stimulus all in Q2 means it may not go neg, hence avoiding “recession”. Its all about optics
Preserving GDP and the Stock Market at the expense of a few hundred thousand lives, I suppose?
I fully agree with Schiff. However, the Mango Misanthrope has different ideas. Unfortunately for the people in the US, tRump prefers profit over human life. Apparently he doesn't get that dead people don't add to the GDP. https://twitter.com/RepAdamSchiff/status/1242159561320075264 …
I’m saying if we don’t KEEP President # Trump2020 in office the markets won’t just ‘bounce back’. There is NO ONE better than Trump to pump lifeblood back into our economy. We all know that Obama/Biden said we would NEVER see more that a 1.5 GDP again. Trump proved them wrong. pic.twitter.com/Ce7GTTkVXe
Estimated 30% unemployment, 50% drop in GDP in the 2nd qtr.
the stock market crash of October 29, 1929, (known as Black Tuesday). Between 1929 and 1932, worldwide gross domestic product (GDP) fell by an estimated 15%. By comparison, worldwide GDP fell by less than 1% from 2008 - and as of today the (Dow) lost 20+% since feb 12
I’m glad. During the s-show I learned I could do “(GDP of Idaho)/(GDP of US) as a percent” in WolframAlpha. Got carried away.
Trump probably asked for an analysis on the age of the workforce in the top 80% gdp producing industries, Saw how much of them fall under “vulnerable” and decided : pic.twitter.com/0TNCfCPpaZ
GDP is the total value of goods and services produced in a country in a particular year . High GDP means we will need more money to purchase goods and service.
Your country is considered a "deadbeat" with NATO, goal of NATO countries is 2.0% of GDP. Your country is at 1.2% tagged by World Bank as "deadbeat" terroitory. Little poor Estonia is exceeding the goal with 2.14% of GDP. Country should be ashamed, being outspent by poor Estonia.
Bruh enough of "muh GDP" https://twitter.com/lookner/status/1242226160286797826 …
So the calculus comes down to -2% GDP w/ 2.2m dead v. -9.3% GDP & 1.74m dead.
So...…… Drag queen story hour bad, killing the elderly to improve GDP good? Okay then.
I fucked up, it was Trillion. Not Quadrillion. However I fucked up twice, so the fraction of GDP is accurate.
and now tourism is all they can resort to. many of these countries have spent 50+% of their gdp in the recent decades on paying down loans which just go up and up bc of interest. now they are proposing structural adjustment programs for loans for countries struggling with COVID
We have so many out of shape people here. You just don't see that in other places. Between smokers, olds, obese, & other health conditions, I feel like 50k is low if we just all go back. I was trying to figure out what's left in Italy now. Ag, hospitals, govt, wine. 5-10% GDP?
This is a joke right? The only economic power on the planet more powerful than the American consumer....is the American consumer with cabin fever. -10% GDP Q1, +8% Q2, +6% Q3....and you know fear that means
Claimed to be so they can make the first quarter GDP look better (ends 31 March), perhaps even make it positive. If so, despicable. (Why do I not find that unlikely.)
GDP worshipping Trump thinks our loved ones are collateral damage for the sake of the economy.
It’s not 2% of GDP. It’s not 20% either. It’s at least 40%.
GUADALUPE PASS AMOS,TX (GDP) ASOS reports gust of 58 knots (66.8 mph) from WSW @2331Z -- KGDP 232351Z AUTO 25039G47KT 10SM CLR 21/M12 A2997 RMK AO2 PK WND 24058/2331 SLP091 T02111117 10228 20194 56016
GUADALUPE PASS AMOS,TX (GDP) ASOS reports gust of 58 knots (66.8 mph) from WSW @2331Z -- KGDP 232351Z AUTO 25039G47KT 10SM CLR 21/M12 A2997 RMK AO2 PK WND 24058/2331 SLP091 T02111117 10228 20194 56016
Holy shit, my country just had a bigger fall in gdp than during the 2008 financial crisis. It’s fucking economic depression time
Nobody cares about "muh GDP" when lives are at stake. Besides, hundreds of thousands of infections and deaths would crash the economy anyways
The gift of this county isn’t something that can be measured so easily in GDP, the unemployment rate, or other economic indicators, as important as those are. It’s too must be measured by our capacity as a people to welcome the stranger, help the poor, and care for the sick.
We've gone from a dehumanizing McKinsey economy that devalues human life to LITERALLY taking lives to prop up gdp. It's a little bit too on the nose guys. First as tragedy, reprised as fking farce.
It's not literally a recession by definition until we've had 2 quarters of negative GDP growth. We've haven't had one yet, though we're surely about to.
MAGA is sacrificing your grandparents and parents and maybe even you for "the markets" and the GDP because the "economy" can't shut down for a week during a pandemic. Wow https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/1242226645714399232 …
Back to work because the GDP depends on risking my health to fold clothes at OldNavy for minimum wage. pic.twitter.com/DNruHUnpWB
I read it. Almost the entire thing, albeit boring and lawyer like, but did you know airline industries equate to 1% of this countries GDP?
Nationalists: we gotta let granny die, this is affecting our GDP and our country’s strength Libertarians: we gotta let granny die, this has bad cost/benefit and violates the initiation of force principle Venn diagram?
GDP ---- RIP This is what Trump is saying. Think about it # Whitehousepressconference # COVIDIDIOTS
Boeing revenue is 0.42% of usa GDP. Not 1%
Some economists projecting that GDP is headed for its worst quarterly drop in records back to 1947 https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-23/economists-see-u-s-facing-worst-ever-quarterly-contraction … via @ markets
trumputin just Screwed the GOP w/o knowing it. He just said the economy runs fr the bottom up. He just exposed the ENTIRE GOP fake & greedy policy of trickle down. P.S. trickle down has always lead 2 less GDP thru history. It's Us guys, the Public 99% who amp up the economy
So, sacrificing the equivalent of the entire populations of North & South Dakota, Wyoming, Vermont, & Delaware combined to # COVID19 for the economies sake would spur GDP growth?
Giving to the public for once, cut off 198k, we'll spend it GDP boost. This crisis has been an unexpected expense, unemployment + the cash. Housing expenses average 1.5k in US, a breakeven.
which au media is that? The same one that bolstered the inflated housing bubble? Household debt is 120 per cent of GDP (as of 2019) highest in the world second to Switzerland. this was always going to happen irrespective of the virus
One of the reasons to # CancelRent : COVID-19’s Worst Case? 10.6% Jobless Rate, $1.5 Trillion GDP Drop via @ forbeshttp://www.forbes.com/sites/petercohan/2020/03/21/covid-19s-worst-case-106-jobless-rate-15-trillion-gdp-drop/ …
Yes. Also, how about percentage of total US personal/family wealth? Seems more apples to apples, but GDP is interesting in its own right too.
St. Louis Fed chief: GDP may shrink 50%, with unemployment hitting 30% in the second quarter. Morgan Stanley sees a 30% contraction, driving unemployment to 12.8%. Goldman: projected a 24% drop and expects global GDP to fall about 1% this year. # COVID19https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-22/top-economists-see-some-echoes-of-depression-in-u-s-sudden-stop …
Your grandmas life is worth 1% GDP
Some economists projecting that GDP is headed for its worst quarterly drop in records back to 1947 https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-23/economists-see-u-s-facing-worst-ever-quarterly-contraction … via @ markets
No one is decimating food. My point is that we could lose 50% of GDP and still be able to feed our families. And, by the way, a depression is a type of recession. If you care about human lives, then surely we can agree to not kill millions of Americans for money?
In the Great Depression, GDP dropped by 25-30%. We are staring a Great Depression 2 in the face, and Trump’s policies are only exacerbating it. https://twitter.com/jimtankersley/status/1242083725485146112 …
Idk why people are angry and we are honestly a third world country The money being given can almost maybe amount to our GDP and we won’t have any funds left yoh,some measures can’t be applicable to every country https://twitter.com/njikafelix/status/1242157521600643072 …
4. Real GDP growth seems to be a continuous decreasing function of the shutdown length. 2. and 3. determine its bounds, so: Question: with the current fiscal and monetary policies, at what shutdown length the GDP reaches -10% (or whatever the definition of depression is)? 5/5
"India had been going through one of the worst phases of the financial crisis in its 72 years of history, India’s top 3 rating agencies like Fitch, Moody’s and S&P have already reduced India’s growth GDP to the lowest marks much before corona." Wow @ narendramodi # ChaiWalaPolitics
I don't think Wuhan matters that much except as a symbol of the pandemic. It's China's 9th biggest city and less than 1% of its GDP.
Real Estate and Jewellery (manufacturing inculding precious & semi precious stones n metal) considered to be highest absorbers of black money but these 2 sectors(including subsidiary industries)also fetches highest employment n contribution to GDP. M I correct sir ?
GDP shrank by about 27% through the Great Depression and by about 5% from the Great Recession of 2007-08.
Acceptable deaths per point of GDP ? Also his Sadism and joy in terrifying.
Can’t live and die at the same time. But we can certainly die for a better GDP
# StayAtHome # HelpPreventTheSpread # COVID19 Philippines: Land area:298,170 km2 Population:100,981,437 GDP (ppp):$1.110 trillion Covid19+: 462 Covid19 death: 33 Italy: Land area :294,020 km2 Population:60,317,546 GDP (ppp):$2.443 trillion Covid19+: 63,927 Covid19 death: 6,077 pic.twitter.com/NyfRJJVTEe
Fiscal policy bazooka is on the way. We don’t know the specifics of the package, but we do know it will represent roughly 6% of US GDP and will include direct payments and # taxrelief for # consumers and a substantial lending facilit…https://lnkd.in/gfvWaBE https://lnkd.in/gxFHfQg
Restaurants employ 13 million people. It’s not about the GDP. It’s about the actual humans who will not have a way to feed themselves or their families. And by the way decimating an industry that accounts for 5% of your GDP is ruinous. But that’s just the start. Just one industry https://twitter.com/kachowwwwski/status/1242234433132003330 …
People would go nuts. Unemployment would skyrocket. Just aviation and tourism in this country accounts for 14% of GDP and 238,000 jobs. That's Two Hundred Thirty Eight Thousand Jobs. What happens when that many people get fired over the next months? MAYHEM, that's what.
I bet if someone told him that they had an idea to get the GDP growing by Q2 but a million Americans would die, he’d say “what’s the catch?”
Venezuela was printing in isolation. Now the whole world is printing in unison! Not sure we’ll see as dramatic inflation as Venezuela. The central banks seem to have collectively decided to print 10% of their GDP, for now that is. https://twitter.com/TheMoonCarl/status/1242133678333071360 …
let my “snowflake” self get this out. I am so tired of bitches who took one year of AP, can’t even tell me what GDP means, don’t even know the ACTUAL definition of socialism, much less explain to me the basic foundation of our country, defend a racist’s platform
Some economists projecting that GDP is headed for its worst quarterly drop in records back to 1947 https://trib.al/FTU1bHh
Agree. When CoronaVirus is defeated, we need National Meetings to discuss how to stop UK going the way of France. Stop PC nonsense. Focus on Indigenous People. UK was a great place. Need to make it great again and also bring it higher in World GDP ranking.
Diff is... TaxCut was suppose to "super charge" the economy.. Still waiting for promised 4-6% GDP.. Boeing blew $20B in '18 to buy stocks.. now they want help?? math/econ is hard for minions 'cause tRumpeconomics =BKs. Older than u sonny.. go have some tRumpaid.. u'll be good
Actually large scale medical GDP destruction is taking place because of the cancelling / postponement of medical procedures. But there will be bailouts. And to be honest, I prefer to grow the other MIC more than the Medical IC as it allows one to get away with stuff
The potential death of millions is...second to the nations GDP.
25% reduction in our GDP is 5 trillion lost. Then add the 3-4 trillion our government is spending. No country can take big of a financial hit without devastation
There is no greater love for ones country than to use the elderly and immune compromised as kindleing to ignite GDP. Government of the GDP, by the GDP, for the GDP. https://twitter.com/lookner/status/1242226160286797826 …
Japan already had a negative gdp report in the 4th quarter before this - EU was nearly in a recession - it’s like blaming Pneumonia entirely for killing someone who smoked for 40 years
This man is gonna try to allow a virus to ravage the country so he can get to 2% GDP growth.....he’s truly a despicable person
It frankly doesn't even matter if this is over cautious. It is so important that for once in our lives, we stop and we think. Debt to GDP ratio would be immensely higher if 100k kiwis lose their lives...or more.
That only impacts the income side of the economy in the first instance to protect against the supply shock. Demand remains down with economic shutdowns. Monetary and fiscal won't change GDP figures during the shutdown. They do however help the recovery via both supply and demand
Two issues with this idea, which I implicitly agree but make an exception for Boeing, 1) there is only one other competitor in most of its civilian commercial space, AirBus, and 2) Boeing accounts for 1% of GDP and around 2% of exports. Unlike cruise lines, Boeing pays taxes.
There you have it. The lowest ICU per capita and acute bed per capita in Europe. What good highest GDP if we can’t look after our health. They were warned and they ignored. # finegael # leprechaunEconomics # TonightVMTV
On reflection I think the model is more “2% of people, most of whom are weak and old and not even in the workforce << 2% of GDP"
He's been pro not using GDP or economic growth to quantify how well the country is doing. He has been talking about diseases of despair for a long time. Suicide, drugs, alcoholism, ect. That is how you measure how well a country is doing.
This country was and is already going to take YEARS to recover from Liberal spending and killing of industry GDP foundational contributions of O&G, steel etc and from lines like “the books will balance themselves” etc. These “powers” cannot be allowed to granted!
No, it’s literally a recession Matt. By definition. And remember that food and related industries are only 5% of GDP. As long as the government helps people pay bills our economy can take a significant hit with no one dying.
@ Refinitiv chart of Capital Economics Developed Markets # FCI & # GDP shows credit markets beginning to tighten as # GDP continues to grow at a slowest pace since # GFC.pic.twitter.com/cLlr4gcrx6
The "once great economy" never happened under Trump. 2.5% GDP growth, wage stagnation, $ T deficits, manufacturing contraction, farm bankruptcies
Not leaving my house # NonVoterParty protesting at home. # YangGang doing fine as well as far as I know asked them. Not shutting down... just means I vacation why they try to keep the lights on. 21 trillion or so GDP... by my estimate they get...7T ish /ur or so... # MATH not exacthttps://twitter.com/themoneycoach/status/1242226565301309440 …
Long Term Chart: Wilshire 5000 (Full Cap) Total Market Price Index vs. US GDP (US Total Market Capitalization vs. US GDP) # MarketBreadth # StockMarket # StockMarketNews $ SPX $ SPY $ ES # ES_F # SP500 $ IVV $ VOO $ ES # ES_Fpic.twitter.com/xzSNwkYpdM
# conservativeinc really only concerned about their financial interests and worshipping the GDP like God. We see through your bullshit
Fewer than those who would die if the entire world reverted back to GDP levels of 20 years ago, when economies sustained 2 billon fewer people.
1%ers believe that they are immune from the ravages of COVID-19. Must develop an equation that shows how many deaths are acceptable for every 1% increase in GDP. https://twitter.com/matthewjdowd/status/1242197861170847744 …
Total national GDP. GDP growth = productivity growth * population growth. Which one of those have we been getting?
Trump regularly makes contradictory statements. Though, he's obviously on team GDP.
I did not claim that Nebraska was a large contributor to the US GDP. My only point was that the population density is one of the major risk factors for this virus. It is a far bigger issue here in NYC than in Montana, Kansas, etc.
TURKEY INSIGHT: How bad a pandemic hit to GDP must country brace for?:title] | [site:name] - bne IntelliNews https://www.intellinews.com/turkey-insight-how-bad-a-pandemic-hit-to-gdp-must-country-brace-for-179153/?source=turkey …
Because the Obama administration had a two year window to reform over ten percent of the country’s gdp. The republicans had to eliminate a single plan in the same amount of time, and they didn’t have to replace it.
Just print... Whats the problem for boj? They printed more then 100% gdp.. wtf are they kidding? Lol
The worship of work is so bizarre to me. In the name of the GDP, the Economy, and Almighty Wall Street. https://twitter.com/charliekirk11/status/1242227972427284480 …
GOP or GDP? Figured the GOP would have bravely filled in. Also was anyone actually staying home?
Sorry, but plummeting unemployment is a good thing. Did you mean 'plummeting GDP'?
We will never witnessed such hatred for good things that can't even give up Republican Senators who were beyond, GDP at 51,
@ BillAckman After seeing today’s virus task force presser, does it sound like @ Potus has any intention of a 30-day timeout for the country? Sounds to me like he’s eschewing the advice of medical advisors and im favor of his economic team who are scared to death of a -24% Q2 GDP
A recession is nothing compared to the massive loss of life and subsequent GDP collapse the world will have if we do nothing about this pandemic
the repetition by political scientists and pundits for over half-a-century that crude indicators of economic health (stock market, unemployment, GDP) decide elections is one reason we have a president aiming to worsen a public health crisis in the name of the market
It's hard to tell how much turnover there is in payments vs. the value-added to GDP This is an interesting article on it: https://www.marketplace.org/2019/01/22/how-can-mobile-payments-china-be-greater-gdp/ …
Trump saying the quiet part out loud: other countries value their citizens. The nature of America is we value our GDP to a higher degree, and the wellbeing of our people to a lesser degree. He’s not wrong. https://twitter.com/TheViewFromLL2/status/1242226875419811840 …
I don’t know how we break the 2% of people = 2% of GDP mental model these bozos have but it seems like a fight we can’t lose
How can scientists work for a charlatan who values GDP over you and me? # WhiteHouseBriefing # whitehousePressconference
The cure can’t be worse than the problem, but what do you think happens to long-term GDP if we decide one percent of the population is a fair price to pay for a near term recovery?
Dan - reporters don't do math and don't know GDP. $2Tril is a ton of money - DEMS/reporters this it grows on trees. Will they spend $4tril, $6tril, $8tril over 15,000 lives - regular flu will see 50,000 pas (so sad) - these jerks at WH are Stupid. https://twitter.com/SteveDeaceShow/status/1242226538747174912 …
Actually, small businesses create 45% of US GDP and employ 48% of US workers. However, 99% of US firms are small businesses. https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/institute/small-business-economic.htm …
Here we see Japan absolutely frightened to create inflation with the BOJ's balance sheet over 100% of GDP and govt interest expense near 25% of tax revenue. https://twitter.com/FirstSquawk/status/1242224727009005569 …
It's much more complicated than that though. We need smart people like you evaluating and proposing approaches (if not solutions). Here's a thought experiment: somewhere between where we are now and a GDP of 0 the shutdown costs more (in every way) than the disease.
At the end of the (arbitrary) 15 days, were going to crank up the GDP again. This is killing my reelection chances. Everybody can fend for themselves. I'm not going to let a little thing like people dying mess with my political goals. The SOB never answers a question.
How many deaths per percentage of GDP should we aim for?
and since the blue states have about 70-80% of GDP we can predict how that will go
Bank of Israel changes its tune from “0.7% hit to GDP” to “we’re buying all the bonds and shekels” https://www.timesofisrael.com/bank-of-israel-to-buy-nis-50-billion-in-bonds-to-steady-sinking-economy …
Benefits are hard to know without knowledge of time until arrival of and cost of track and trace. Economic costs are likely higher than immediate GDP loss as recovery won't be perfect.
What is the exponential factor of GDP (what seemingly all Republicans tout as the best metric for our society)? The incorrect answer is... corporations. The correct answer is... humans! # GOPBailoutScam # MoscowMitchSlushFund # GOPSlushFund # BailOutPeopleNotCorporations
No, the president wants to open up the economy, trading the lives of thousands for an uptick in GDP. Hey, their only human beings. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Spain doesn't really have a military. They spend like 0.5% of GDP on the military
It's just Reagan/Thatcher free market fundamentalism. Let them eat GDP charts. Graphs before people. Bit late in the day for a republican to be getting squeamish.
In the first 8 minutes of Trump's talk he stated "we learned a lot" 11 times?" It's clear from his soliloquy on poor Boeing's problems of 13 months & bogus talks of employee depression & suicide? that he only cares about the Market, GDP & always, always about money! # WhereIsFauci
Three point three for the GDP!
will someone ask @ realDonaldTrump what the formula is? How many deaths for each .01 GDP percentage points? He is publicly making an equivalency between preventable deaths and money.
Big recovery in intermediate maturity Muni bonds since Thursday's low. Up another $2.47 today (+5.9%) following Friday's 6.8% rally. Still trades at a 3.1% discount to NAV. # municipal # taxes # COVID19 # GDP # inflationpic.twitter.com/dnbOa1yI5T
The GDP was $21 trillion. A $2 trillion stimulus represents about 35 days worth of GDP. How does that correlate with a 15 day *shutdown* that isn't being observed in every city/town of every state by every resident?
To put this into perspective, a 7-12% drop in the GDP would be the single worst economic disaster in BC's modern history. The 2009 economic collapse dropped BC GDP 2.6%. Monday’s BCgov spending plan was worth 2% of GDP. That’s how bad the situation looks. https://twitter.com/RobShaw_BC/status/1242229415263621120 …
"Your brother with a preexisting lung condition was not contributing to GDP, we need to get your 401k back in gear."
Is @ realDonaldTrump mind going the way of Biden’s? This bug is in full-swing, and he’s talking about “good numbers.” GDP growth a DowJones index is NOT a country. Can’t we see what’s happening in Italy? https://twitter.com/lookner/status/1242222469764853760 …
Somewhere between free and a nation’s GDP. So. I got that going for me. Useless skills when in a COVID environment.
are we trying to help him do that? Or are we just itching to get back to the good old days of <3% GDP growth and a trillion dollar deficit like before January
When you worship the GDP https://twitter.com/charliekirk11/status/1242227972427284480 …
// there is increasingly little to offer by spit-balling how deep the incoming economic chasm might be. 2m claims, 4m claims, -20% GDP, -50%, nobody has any clue. What's going to be a lot more relevant and worthwhile debating is how wide the chasm is.
They totally control the narrative while Americans are debating how many body stacks are acceptable to cushion the GDP. Insane.
Nebraska contributes 0.6% of US GDP.
There's ample evidence that "do we save lives or have a functioning economy?" is not an either/or proposition. It's a both/and. To suggest that human lives are expendable in service of GDP growth is both inaccurate and ghoulish. Here's a summary of why: https://medium.com/@tomaspueyo/coronavirus-the-hammer-and-the-dance-be9337092b56 …
If countries get their curves under control and the USA does not, this graph in 6 months, will hurt DJT’s re-election chances way more than if the country locks down and the economy suffers more. He’ll be forgiven for -10%GDP, not 2M deaths. And he’s too stupid to know that, too. https://twitter.com/jburnmurdoch/status/1242048518908502016 …
4/ This game of currency “hot potato” typically happens in lockstep with economic hardships that are pushing a nation’s real GDP down In this case, # COVID19 is placing intense downward pressure on short term real GDP https://fortune.com/2020/03/23/morgan-stanley-goldman-sachs-estimate-coronavirus-economic-pain/ …
Yes, yes...because Boeing is almost 1% of the GDP. As if we care!!
Nobody: Matthew Dowd: Yeah millions of Americans will die but it's a necessary evil to keep our GDP from shrinking too much! https://twitter.com/matthewjdowd/status/1242197861170847744 …
"Economy" is an awful term that has connotations of GDP, multinational corporations, stocks. What about a different word to capture the economic and social wellbeing of individual middle class citizens?
Keep it in your head Rick. Then imagine zero GDP. Then tell, prognosticate the beauty of the morbid outcome. You should listen to grandma @ TheRickWilsonhttps://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/1242226064383975426 …
Can you explain the high GDP further.. cus ano dey barb
"Country over party" But apparently keeping the profits going for business over the well being of your countrymen. Yeah let's allow millions of Americans to die so our GDP doesn't shrink too much.
Considering the Blue states make up the majority of this countries GDP, I can't see Trump's plan having the intended economic impact he thinks it will, not to mention it will just keep the virus spreading, which will still have negative effects on our economy. He's just desperate
Get your crack economists on this. I show the truth: Real GDP per Capita Year Growth Rate (%) 2008 -5.7 2009 -7.3 2010 -1.1 2011 -2.9 2012 -1.5 2013 -2.0 2014 -1.5 2015 -0.8 2016 -2.5 2017 -1.9 2018 0.0 2019 -2.8 2020 MAYBE -6
This will be the Greatest challenge the U.S financial system has ever experienced. Unemployment and GDP #’s much worse than the Great Depression. A near worthless USD from dilution, and a massive #of businesses will be forced to close. Show Love, Compassion, and Buy # Chainlink.
If the business no longer exists, think of all the jobs lost permanently. It's quite simple. Then think of GDP. Thankfully our POTUS is thinking ahead for when this all passes. Besides, there is a chance the companies will pay it back when they recover like auto industry in 08
I agree about GDP. I was mildly contesting Rory's point about not having a rural urban divide.
Although Japanese and US have turned up the last few days, inflation expectations have cratered globally. Germany continues to sink even lower. The US hit a low of 0.55% last Thursday and Japan remains negative. # inflation # COVID19 # GDP pic.twitter.com/r09PtSP5o9
China is very close to our GDP levels and looking to surpass it. This is the battle of the champion and the #2 contender. Where will Japan and India side, they are #3 and #4.
Save the DEBT slave system... Save Banksters... Save FED... Save GDP...
Trump just spoke of bailing out Boeing and gave details about their GDP. No way in hell this moron knows the GDP of a company without having stocks in it. No way!!!!
Trump doesn't care that Boeing is responsible for killing people through their greed. All because according to Trump, Boeing's impact on the GDP is more important. Trump doesn't give a rat's ass about human life.
2.1 GDP 2019 Q3 2.1 GDP 2019 Q4 Back into your hole
Yes ....he's more worried about GDP
Trump says Boeing is responsible for "1 point" of GDP. (Does some math...) Boeing's sales were worth about 0.45% of GDP last year.
Really interesting! Why not try GDP per capita against ratio of positives per test. Still not perfect (people are not randomly tested), but at least you control for some of the underreported cases due to the cost of testing in poorer countries.
Boeing 1% of GDP?? Lol, you are a moron beyond comparison pic.twitter.com/EUobrF72a2
That's a fair statement to ask that question. Our GDP per week is $412b or so based on 2019 GDP data. Even if we had 1m cases...which we don't and probably won't...shutting down the US for more than a few more weeks is a multi-trillion dollar hit.
@ Boeing, a business, is 1% our GDP? Da’faq?!?!??? # GOPSlushFund # BailOutPeopleNotCorporationspic.twitter.com/cIa71RqvxE
Unpopular opinion, while being part of the lefty twitter, Boeing is such a large company, that its closure could cause a few points off the GDP, and a spike in unemployment. The only way to bail it out fairly, is to pay the factory workers their wages.
750,000. Aviation associates support 10 million jobs in the United State. If the Democrats allow them to fail 1.4 Trillion dollars in GDP Disappear along with the jobs Stand up America and Fire a Pelosi and Schumer Now
"The philosophy is, if we don’t do it now, it will be more expensive to save the economy later." - Denmark approving a plan that costs ~13% of GDP within 3 weeks of their first covid case https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/03/denmark-freezing-its-economy-should-us/608533/?fbclid=IwAR1yq6_pfWAr0Dub6BqmqO26HSsw5-wWvET5YpyV6nGzwYooGSwOeUzAxFo …
We’re about to find out what “the economy” really is. Spoiler: it won’t be GDP.
Your boss just said that Boeing contributes a full 1% of GDP. WTF! That is the dumbest comment ever. 1%???? Really? So if overall GDP is 3.5% all the rest of the whole country only made up the other 2.5%??? Idiot!!!
What % of GDP comes from the private sector in socialist countries?
First question any journalist should ask these ghouls advocating for “just a few hundred thousand deaths” to help right the economy is which of their relatives they’re willing to sacrifice to keep GDP high enough for Trump to be re-elected.
As the recession continues US spending is probably still going to increase, increase the Debt to GDP rate which is already 120%.
Boeing represents 0.3% of US GDP, not one full point as Trump just claimed.
It's a balancing act. GDP is worth sacrificing for so many lives, but there's a point of diminishing returns that we have probably far exceeded. This is a very grim sort of calculus that I don't think a scrupulous man could ever do. https://twitter.com/gabrielsherman/status/1242226792213118981 …
Trump just said BOEING is probably 1 point of the GDP. Now you know why Trump went bankrupt 6 times--he has no understanding of business and finance.
"Boeing is going to need some help. They've got a problem as everyone knows--a double problem. They need our help. We have to work with the airlines, with the cruise lines. Boeing is 1 point of our GDP. It's a great company we have to save."
For perspective, 30% drop in GDP is about equivalent to what happened in the Great Depression. https://twitter.com/jimtankersley/status/1242083725485146112 …
how many shares of boeing do you think Trump owns? # whitehousePressconference "truly, probably, almost one point of GDP... greatest country in the world"
Shortage of consumer goods . High GDP ( long term impact ) . Monopolization of some businesses , high poverty rate among the illiterate unless you are a farmer .
Dr @ Swamy39 , for years our spending on Healthcare is just 2-3pc of GDP. Even with >10pc of GDP on healthcare ,the west is unable to cope with Covid. Moving forward ,As you stated in one TV , we need an AIIMS in every district to improve healthcare and prevent this.
Switzerland, a country with a population of 8.5 million ( less than half of Delhi’s population) has reported: Positive Cases: 8547 Deaths: 118 It spends just over 12% of its GDP on health, highest among all European countries. # COVID19
Reporter: "Why is a $2 Trillion stimulus required if we're opening the country back up in weeks, not months?" Apparently she doesn't realize that the US GDP is $1.75 Trillion every month.
will someone ask @ realDonaldTrump what the formula is? How many deaths for each .01 GDP percentage points? He is publicly making an equivalency between preventable deaths and money.
There you go, trump needs to bailout Boeing because he says it contributes 1% of GDP
# CoronaVirus’s Worst Case? 10.6% Jobless Rate, $1.5 Trillion GDP Drop. (Forbes) # COVIDー19 # COVID19 # CoronaVirusOutbreak # CoronaVirusPandemic https://buff.ly/2WARH2O pic.twitter.com/TeY6pET2Wf
I'm up for Alberta as the 51st state! Under better management it can easily be 4th highest GDP state behind California, Texas and NY.
California and NY represent 20% of US gdp # TrumpPressConference
Yes, Germany has that advantage and the country is not divided and doesn’t have Brexit to contend with. UK debt is 83% of GDP, Germany’s 60% of GDP. Who has the better hand?
St. Louis Fed Predicts US GDP -50%, They Want To End Habeas Corpus, Stock Market Crash 2020
St. Louis Fed Predicts US GDP -50%, They Want To End Habeas Corpus, Stoc... https://youtu.be/FqzRw6CZoJg via @ YouTube
The debt laden sectors of the US economy that stand to fare worst from this near standstill in the economy are airlines, energy, cruise operators, and some private equity firms. Corporate debt as a percentage of GDP has reached an all time high - Barron's
Evoking WW2 won't wash, Piers. It's meaningless in a country that lost its capital city to foreigners, because it boosted the GDP. https://twitter.com/piersmorgan/status/1242196321181872129 …
Healthcare is a huge part of our GDP
we are going to go into a self-imposed recession possibly depression if we don’t send people back to work. Projected GDP growth for Q2 in the ranges of -24% to -50% and unemployment beyond what we have seen... look at our town.. a lot of people getting laid off....
By he, did you mean Obama? All I’ve seen from trump is a shitty GDP, doubling deficits, handouts to the rich & zero increase household income for the bottom 90%. He’ll get his ass kicked in Nov. with the worst record on Jobs, stock market, deficits, trade deficits, racism, etc.
Common sense. Not sure why people take China's number very seriously, no matter its GDP numbers, death numbers, currency rate and whatnot. Well, lies repeated 100 times become the truth. # ChinaLiedPeopleDiedhttps://twitter.com/AndrewCMcCarthy/status/1241785257382346754 …
but you see, your friends Trump and Kudlow et al figured out that hospitals at capacity cannot contribute to the GDP any more, and old people dying in the streets are not going to hurt the DOW that much
Unless you have the virus and you're dying. Then I'm sure you have a lot of feelings about GDP.
2020: huge drop in GDP, but loss in consumption partly offset by household domestic production. By how much? Hard to tell !
It’s alright Nitros! *ᴗˬᴗ)⁾⁾⁾ I always have some free space on my schedule
Full report by @ lefep in PDF here # Blockchain # Bitcoin # Interoperability @ quant_network @ OverledgerNet $ QNT “The World Economic Forum predicts 10 percent of global GDP will be stored on blockchain by 2027” https://leadingedgeforum.com/media/1847/blockchain-brokers-trust-in-a-fragmented-world.pdf …
Still, there's this trite old cry for perspective. You may look at overdose deaths or traffic deaths, that's silently happening all the time. Let's ask what's the reduction in life expectancy of this "thing" versus what it would be if we see the GDP dropping precipitously.
So, there is a cross over point between American deaths and GDP cost in order to avoid a complete collapse of a society and economy ? Bcc @ stevenmnuchin1 @ SenSchumer @ SenJohnThune @ senatemajldrpic.twitter.com/8aUFcl4K1y
Trump is asked about Kudlow’s reference to “difficult tradeoffs.” Instead of admitting we’ll sacrifice 9,816,000 Americans to the GDP? he talks about not grabbing hand straps on the subway.
If I’d mentioned a 30% GDP contraction in a developed country in one of my economics classes, the professor would have told me to quit smoking the cheap stuff. https://twitter.com/jimtankersley/status/1242083725485146112 …
i sincerely appreciate your help, but i don't want to bother you
You mean a technical GDP defined recession. Using per capita GDP, disposable income or wages we have been hovering around recession for a decade.
If GDP drops by 10% or so, and people go about their normal shitty lives doing bullshit jobs that don't actually need doing, and don't experience a massive reduction in wellbeing, whilst the relatively small number of people that do useful work continue so to do...
Okay big dumbass - Congress is forking over $2Tril (10%GDP) I'm calling you out - is $4Tril or $6Tril or$8tril blown thru over 6 months okay with u and @ cnn to pick up the tab. I say at $3Tril live and let live - you ain't no mathematician - just a Trump /Haterhttps://twitter.com/Acosta/status/1242226166896918533 …
My take: it’s not a model. They don’t even try to model the progression of the epidemic... It says so in the Q&A section. I don’t know what to say to be honest... They’re putting thousands of lives and like 50% of GDP on the line based on... that?
"Dividend growth over the next year is down by 28 percent in the for S&P 500 and 25 percent for the Euro Stoxx 50. The estimate of GDP growth over the next year is down by 2.6 percent in both the US and the EU" https://go.shr.lc/2WyuK02 @ chicagobooth @ chicagoboothrev
If he thinks it will get the country back on track again, then he's crazy, California and New York make up almost half of the US GDP, so as long their Governors are issuing stay at home orders, the economy won't be bouncing back, not to mention it's going to get worse everywhere.
This graph is premature and inaccurate. The GDP drop is likely to be 10-20%. The numbers just haven’t started coming in yet.
Business ahead of life, GDP ahead of the American life. Predictions are 1 million dead if the curve is not flattened, more than all lost in all our wars. He is ok with that. Kudlow: “difficult trade offs.” https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/1242226064383975426 …
Some economists projecting that GDP is headed for its worst quarterly drop in records back to 1947 https://trib.al/gUaaOa0
lol this is the kind of thing I read on twitter. 30-40% of gdp is at stake with $ BA sure it could go lower but I like my chances buying at the bottom of a 50 year trend line
Again we make some permanent changes...but people need to be to work soon...no choice...-30% GDP???...can't have that..that will kill many more people...
i moved left over my life for a lot of reasons, some fair and some unfair, but the biggest was realizing that right wing economists treated growth and gdp the way the aztecs treated huitzilopochtli so no, it doesn't surprise me that they'd endanger everyone for "the economy"
Switchのフレンド集！ Friends on my Nintendo Switch!pic.twitter.com/8cj6p051qM
As KING of the GDP Dynasty, I hereby executive order you to stop being racist and committing hate crimes against our incredible Noodle-Americans who are victims of a WITCH HUNT and had nothing to do with the true virus which is RACISM!! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1242202290393677829 …pic.twitter.com/y2btQ5TOFa
Explain what it is then. What is a "surplus" of GDP?
@ cnn @ nbc will someone ask @ realDonaldTrump what the formula is? How many deaths for each .01 GDP percentage points? He is publicly making an equivalency between preventable deaths and money.
If you’re in favor of NO support for tourism or entertainment—which represents ~35% of US GDP and ~44% of jobs—then we’ll have to agree to disagree. When we say working people must be “made whole”, that includes a job after isolation.
Beside the £200bn GDP loss and the £30bn economic boost + £4bn Brexit costs + £350bn next business support + £39bn you have to pay for the EU anyway. That's are more or less 100 years EU member ship. Not mentioning the £40bn annual debt service cost. Get a calculator Mogg!
Spinning GDP https://www.factcheck.org/2019/03/spinning-gdp/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=social-pug … via @ factcheckdotorg
You’re alright Nitros? Hope you feel better soon, my friend. You can do it! DM me if you ever need any help
How many GDP points exactly? Where could the Fed set interest rates to offset this cost? TIA
California has 40 million people. California is 5th in the world GDP. But let trump worry about Nebraska because they vote for him.
You forget, there is a reality tv star at the helm, not medical experts. Of course GDP growth is going to take priority. We’re screwed.
Studies by the Canadian Parks Council have found that for every dollar governments invest in parks in Canada, $6 is generated back into the GDP! The reported $5M in operations funding that will be saved did not include this. pic.twitter.com/TkmV5zx2Gj
US economy renamed for countries with similar GDP 2018 from AEI pic.twitter.com/lHMgrD712i
As the spread of the coronavirus gets worse and worse, conservatives are *more* insistently calling for a return to normal (muh GDP).
Fauci was a buzzkill nerd SPRING BREAK WOOOOO MUH GDP
I’d probably agree. Better to have tax cuts and loan guarantees for small businesses to keep them afloat in short term and keep GDP up. Blanket $1,200 payments to people who don’t need them is terrible policy, especially when we are $23 trillion in debt.
Trump: The cure might be worse than the disease. Translation: The only thing worse than dying of # COVID19 would be your 401K losing more value, GDP going down, and me not being reelected because I'm a # COVIDIOT.
Yes and this is a good chunk of why these proposals to “just let people die” espoused by the GDP-or-bust crowd are nuts. You will not only kill far more people via COVID, you will kill many others that would’ve survived had you not blown up healthcare
5 weeks of National lockdown could be sufficient. Assuming 50% of economy is shut down, this implies ~5% of GDP lost. With knock on effects and hysteresis etc, it’s a Great Recesion type shock plus potentially faster Recovery, but not Great Depression yet. https://twitter.com/yaneerbaryam/status/1242217920517865477 …
GDP Cartridge (Indica) Typically, whenever I buy a product from Jetty Extracts, it’s either a concentrate or a ... Read Full Review- https://emiliaamy.wixsite.com/website/post/sour-diesel-pre-roll-by-papa-s-herb-sativa-1 … # cannabiscoronavirus # cannabisindustry # cannabis # marijuana # weed # smokers # us_cannabis_news # cannabisbusiness # cannapic.twitter.com/NX3XJ2yPEM
OMG.... not opening the economy would cause worse problems than the virus. Ok so you’re gonna force consumers to go out and pump the 70% of the gdp that’s based on consumer spending ? Forcing people to work won’t force them to spend
The possibility of 30% unemployment and double-digit negative GDP would certainly give the virus a run for its money in terms of severity.
I am not sure I agree with the parallel. I have been heavily influenced by Robert Higgs and GDP in wartime and the poverty wrought by WW2 terrifies me.
It's an election year. Talk of a 20-50% gdp crash and 15-30% unemployed based on 2 diff studies. Many more in USA don't save. Live paycheck to pay cheque. If and he's a hotel owner!
If Blair`s Labour Government are solely to blame for the Global Financial crash in 2008 , then Boris Johnson and his current Tory Government are 100% to blame for whatever happens to UK GDP after this Covid 19 crisis !
Best economy? 1.3 million fewer jobs than Obama. Trillion $$ deficit. Fiat real wage growth. Less % reduction in unemployment than Obama. Sub-3% GDP growth. Fake tax reform. Farm welfare to buy votes. YOU LIE!!!!
Communists: die for the revolution. Fascists: die for your state. National Socialist: die for your race. Liberals/conservatives: die for your GDP. https://twitter.com/TheCptBlackPill/status/1242218340267044864 …
Sadly not just Americans saying this. GDP-at-all-costs Milton Friedman fanboys everywhere need to put down the crack pipe. https://twitter.com/kilbrniesanders/status/1241955822185222145 …
Which is not surprising and completely off point on my comment. My comment was about using Irish GDP per capita to compare against other EU states. Not about rural/urban divide. The original map that I comment on did not have urban/rural comparative for Ireland.
@ MisterAntiBully so jims friend sounds like Trump is basically saying fuck it were just gonna let it ride because muh gdp
REALLY @ jonkarl and @ HansNichols ... is NO ONE going to say that the GDP for the lastsix months of 2019 was a PUTRID 2.1??? NO ONE???
Nonprofits generate 10% of the US GDP. @ UnitedWay alone helps 60 million people every year. That's why I support # Relief4Charities and ask @ SpeakerPelosi to do the same by including $60 billion in the # COVIDー19 relief package. https://unitedway.co/3aayXe9
@ BarackObama please check our math, # GrantsNotLoans are how we # ProtectMainStreet now, $600 billion protects $9 trillion in GDP # DoTheMathhttps://twitter.com/ProtectMain/status/1242205592162353152 …
@ NBCNews please check our math, # GrantsNotLoans are how we # ProtectMainStreet now, $600 billion protects $9 trillion in GDP # DoTheMathhttps://twitter.com/ProtectMain/status/1242205592162353152 …
@ AC360 please check our math, # GrantsNotLoans are how we # ProtectMainStreet now, $600 billion protects $9 trillion in GDP # DoTheMathhttps://twitter.com/ProtectMain/status/1242205592162353152 …
Are your parents still alive John and are they part of the elderly you're willing to let go for GDP?
@ 6abc please check our math, # GrantsNotLoans are how we # ProtectMainStreet now, $600 billion protects $9 trillion in GDP # DoTheMathhttps://twitter.com/ProtectMain/status/1242205592162353152 …
@ maddow please check our math, # GrantsNotLoans are how we # ProtectMainStreet now, $600 billion protects $9 trillion in GDP # DoTheMathhttps://twitter.com/ProtectMain/status/1242205592162353152 …
Given the consensus best epidemiological argument is that "do nothing" results in 2.2M dead in the USA, the economic cost is roughly 22T, almost exactly the entire GDP of the USA.
Congrats Hernán! 3 million next!!! ٩(๑′∀ ‵๑)۶•*¨*•.¸¸♪
1.) GDP rose 1.4T b/n ‘18 and ‘19. 2.) Tax cuts were estimated by some liberal think tanks to increase deficit spending by up to $2T over a decade. 3.) The $1.7T I referenced is immediate and due solely to lost production, to say nothing of lasting impact on supply chains.
" In 2016, tourism contributed more to GDP than any other primary resource industry (mining: $4.1 billion, forestry & logging: $2.0 billion, and agriculture & fish: $1.5 billion)" Nuff said.
So how many deaths is a 3% rise in GDP worth?
$ SPX -2.9% Congress continues to fiddle Daily COVID cases better in Italy, S.Korea But cases rise sharply in U.S. and more cities move to shut down. Global Central Banks act again to flood their systems with liquidity. Germany, Spain now up to 20% of GDP! Bonds, Gold, Euro gain
Not sure what the right exchange rate to aim for on GDP and Population is :(
Yes, there is. It’s based on the consumption of goods and services. Higher consumption equals higher GDP. Do you even study economy?
Just FYI, at current rates of infection, combined with more testing, we will have ~250K infected ppl in a week. Possibly 1M in 15 days, 2M in 19 days. They are really willing to kill a bunch of people for the sake of GDP growth. https://www.coronawiki.org/country/united-states …
"I really respect Chairman Un because if he decides 5...10 million people need to maintain a 2% GDP he can just do that!" -Trump, probably
There is cost, always. We are about to borrow 25% of GDP just to keep things going for a couple of months
98% of student loans are held by US Dept of Education FYI: economists who studied impact of cancelling student debt predicted growth in GDP in 3rd year
Can't stop thinking about this piece. He's way too enamored of GDP. And I cannot get my mind around how saving lives "at any cost" is now suddenly a bad thing. What is the pro-life movement? But now this line of thought is on the rise. Horrifying.
trump had the biggest and most violent drop in the history of the stock market and GDP growth is expected to grow at the slowest pace ever recorded and trump's deficit is the highest ever recorded no one will ever top him
I'll do it for you. I love naming them. "Oh gawd muh GDP muh usury. If the black plague was not cured in 6 weeks they should have sent their corpses back to work. What's more important your families health or my mortgage payment?" Oh gawd intensifies. pic.twitter.com/6egMmAQk1s
It’s worse than idiotic. It’s basically saying it would be better to let 3-4 million Americans die and crush the health system than to lose points of GDP.
GUADALUPE PASS AMOS,TX (GDP) ASOS reports gust of 54 knots (62.1 mph) from SSW @2203Z -- KGDP 232251Z AUTO 25034G47KT 10SM FEW120 22/M12 A2997 RMK AO2 PK WND 21054/2203 SLP091 T02221122
GUADALUPE PASS AMOS,TX (GDP) ASOS reports gust of 54 knots (62.1 mph) from SSW @2203Z -- KGDP 232251Z AUTO 25034G47KT 10SM FEW120 22/M12 A2997 RMK AO2 PK WND 21054/2203 SLP091 T02221122
Asked if our country will be “turned back on,” Trump lists Nebraska and Idaho as the states that are doing well... There’s maybe one person per square mile yeah turn those states back on and watch our GDP
TURKEY INSIGHT: How bad a pandemic hit to GDP must country brace for?:title] | [site:name] https://bit.ly/2wAmtOz
When Bush left office GDP was negative 7%. Epic failure should have destroyed the GOP. It was energized by Trump’s racism & sexism. Morally bankrupt Party of racists, liars, & thieves. pic.twitter.com/I9BoCZKTwR
This bill is 10% of yearly GDP. Why can’t they issue shares to raise money? Why are taxpayers responsible for backstopping corporations? So people get laid off and their 401k’s drop but you send a very clear message. Manage you business and investment risk better.
When this is over I presume everyone will then try and cram their holidays into the remaining part of the year which will be another massive hit to GDP!?!?!!
GDP shrinkage is cause for mobilization.
# CoronavirusOutbreak puts 37 million U.S. # jobs at risk TY @ StatistaCharts via @ enricomolinari # covid19 # AI # futureofwork # STEM # GDP @ albertogaruccio @ andi_staub @ jblefevre60 @ SpirosMargaris @ ingliguori @ chboursin @ Fisher85M @ HaroldSinnott @ antgrasso @ terence_mills @ floriansemlepic.twitter.com/zd9rpvVYmO
No but they are a member of nato and they are short of their NATO 2% GDP commitment.
Total war mobilization, but economy. Millions thrown into plague trenches in desperate last stand to defend GDP.
I assumed we were talking total output here, GDP.
HowBad a # CoronaCrisis # GDP hit must # Turkey brace for? # Coronavirus # Lira # DebtMarkets @ IMFhttps://bit.ly/3bkr4TD
By contrast, the stimulus announced by the Morrison government amounts to less than 5 per cent of Australia's GDP.
Not # Facts. Capital, investment has left Canada since 2015. Nominal GDP means nothing, real GDP is what matters. Deficit spending, high taxes and industry killing legislation isnt admirable. # Facts
Being top 10 in debt isn’t a problem for a country with the largest GDP. Debt isn’t inherently bad. Sometimes money needs to be printed to stimulate the economy. And the dollar is up right now so if there’s a time to disregard inflation, it’s now
We can deal with it if we go back to previous GDP growth but that is the question.. Sure seems like 30-60 days will be plenty to flatten curve but still do we go back to Full GDP.. probably not if regulations and debt get piled on
You mean 2% GDP growth, negative business investment, manufacturing in recession and trillion dollar deficits wasn’t our best economy ever?
Iacta Alea Est - Trump* clearly has decided 15 days is enough ... fuck it .. countless thousands may die, but the GDP is what counts. An election is conking. *Impeached, December, 2019
Translation: they care more about stock market and GDP abstractions than about human life. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/23/us/politics/trump-coronavirus-restrictions.html … We knew this, but this time it's especially blatant.
I agree he was holding off for the businesses that back the conservative party. The fact he said if we close schools it'll take 3% off our GDP. So what health is more important than money no matter what anyone says.
The Germans are certainly not pissing about. Their stimulus package is worth up to 750 billion euros ($1.392 trillion), amounting to more than 30 per cent of Germany's GDP.
Trump Urges Senate to ‘Make a Deal’ on Stimulus: Congress Update https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-23/senate-set-for-more-showdown-votes-on-stimulus-congress-update … Pelosi deal is 2.5T! That's a lot of money. 2T is already 10% of US GDP
You do know your number is 500 trillion dollars or 7 times the gdp of the planet. I know people are not good at math but?????
Extraordinary times. Extraordinary deficits. If the feds follow other major economies, our deficit could get to $200B, or 10% of GDP. Our latest @ RBCEconomics report says that's manageable -- if it gets the economy back on track. # CdnEconhttps://thoughtleadership.rbc.com/federal-fiscal-support-phase-one-done-but-a-long-way-to-go/ …
Cigarettes are budgeted to raise $17bn which is over 1% of GDP or 4% of total tax!!!!
You codified the destruction and redistribution of our med equipment, mfg jobs, gdp and supply chain and handed it to our enemies. Health facilities consolidated and left us without beds needed. You KNOWINGLY. Lied about our Drs and costs. You are a criminal in every sense. FU https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/1242099236231053314 …
This is the path Greece took after the Euro arrived. Interest rates plummeted and a debt driven consumption boom ensued. "GDP" took off. The East Asian path (Taiwan and SK) has consistently focused on production first and consumption later. Greece has never recovered.
Who made this Jaggi vasudev expert on anything and everything. What the fuck his qualifications are to be lecturing us on Corona virus, social distancing ,economy, GDP and on what not. Indian media please stop giving too much importance to this moron. 1/2
http://CCN.com : Dow Futures Crash 1,000 Points as Fed’s Bullard Cites -50% U.S. GDP. https://www.ccn.com/dow-futures-crash-1000-points-as-feds-bullard-cites-50-u-s-gdp/ … via @ GoogleNews
But this doesn't factor in future unprevented deaths from lower NHS spending because of a reduced GDP of between 2.6% and 20%. Unless NHS spending is vastly increased in proportion to GDP.
Some maths: UK GDP is £2.1tr. Covid-19 with this lockdown could reduce it between 2.6% and 20% (estimates, etc). If Covid-19 could cause 250k deaths, that's ~ £220k to £1.7m per death prevented. 500k deaths: ~ £110k to £840k per death prevented. 20k deaths: ~ £2.7m to £21m PDP.
Some economists projecting that GDP is headed for its worst quarterly drop in records back to 1947 https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-03-23/economists-see-u-s-facing-worst-ever-quarterly-contraction … via @ markets
The correlation between GDP and death rate is very high, so if one were to follow through with the math, an economic depression will end up killing more than the virus. Both parties are terrible and neither one is helping the people who need it.
Holy shit this is obtuse. A 4 week shutdown means a loss of at minimum of $1.785T in GDP. Do you have any understanding what that means? That’s the GDP of Canada, the world’s 10th largest economy.
fiscal+monetary is like a 2-legged stool. The reason it has stayed stable is that people tend to overlook an invisible 3rd leg: a tech abundance leg that makes deficit economics possible: oil until ~1974, semiconductors after that... creates hidden gdp to balance the growth...
Adding Logan's Run and Soylent Green to my watch list. And what's the big deal? Why should we worry about a couple of kids in China? # NoEuthanasia Who would Jesus condemn for the GDP?
You know it is not the bill of lockdown. You are cheating with Indian people. This is bill of policy laps by bullshit govt of Modi. De growth of GDP, NO JOB CREATION, NO NEW INDUSTRY, HIGH EXPENDITURE ON ADV by govt, wastage of money on fullish activities has did this
I think you are confusing GDP with HDI.
DUPED BY 2 AUSTERITY MANTRA 1 Overspending increased the deficit It can't because spending raises GDP so deficit falls SO AUSTERITY WASN'T NEEDED TO CUT THE DEFICIT 2 Spending caused a crash It can't because spending raises GDP, whereas in a crash opposite occurs, GDP falls pic.twitter.com/Z3d05AD9ad
How much GDP growth is the population of Virginia worth? https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/1242155643173310464 …
Both Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs anticipate a recovery beginning in the third quarter, although that is subject to risks. 30% GDP drop: Morgan Stanley joins Goldman Sachs in upping estimates of coronavirus economic pain – Fortune https://fortune.com/2020/03/23/morgan-stanley-goldman-sachs-estimate-coronavirus-economic-pain/ …
My life went from GDP meaning Gross Domestic Product to Guanosine Diphosphate
The correlation between GDP and death rate is very high, so if one were to follow through with the math, an economic depression will end up killing more than the virus. Ableism aside, depression < virus
Their last GDP numbers were 6% still iirc. Lololololololololol Imagine believing any numbers coming out of CCP led China. pic.twitter.com/QrCd6QnViW
After the new deal in 1934 Unemployment dropped to 21.7% to 9.9% in 41. While GDP shot up to +10.8% in 34 and stayed positive except for 1938. Same for inflation rate https://www.thebalance.com/unemployment-rate-by-year-3305506 …
That’s where the balance needs to be found. 10% of gdp for 10,000 lives of over 70’s is certainly acceptable to me. Think how many young lives 10% of gdp will destroy we are talking millions. And we are looking at gdp between -10 and -30%
If you take an economy like the US offline down to 10% previous GDP, you're not back to 100% GDP the day after you achieve your R0 target. You'd have to account for a lot more future lost GDP. CBA on a life-years (RH suggested?) basis avoids those complications, seems preferable
Maam our nation is trillions in debt. Unless you want to default on our loans to the world bank, we might not want to ask for more quantitative easing or borrowing which is exactly what will result from that slippery slope. Especially if our GDP plummets further.
A shit tier take by a shit tier conservative! One thing we are learning is for these so called America first types that back Trump, it was only about the GDP.
But think of the GDP!
They are optomistic lies....eeal GDP WILL CILLAPSE 10% WHEN DEFAULTS START
Then why did the stock market and GDP growth continually rise for 8 years under Obama? Why did Trump implement the GOP tax scam just to keep the stock market strong?
If you are right then at most it would take about 2.0% of GDP to keep this system afloat through the crisis. I mean, Spain isn't thriving, but it is surviving. I'm fine with survival ATM. pic.twitter.com/CL5hKwO2FZ
The GDP is an economic factor which is actually as a result of that same embargo. Their system of governance affects their output to a lesser extent. It is foolish to compare Cuba with Greece when they do not have similar trade restrictions.
Germany expects GDP to shrink 5% this year, Bild says https://lite.poandpo.com/economy/germany-expects-gdp-to-shrink-5-this-year-bild-says-2332020484 … # Economy http://www.poandpo.com # Germany # expects # # to # shrink #5% # this # year # Bild # says #307
Good. We all need a break/help. It’s all us lot which keep this Govts precious GDP going.
Fascinating to watch members of a industry that grows 10% annually where our GDP grows by 2%, telling us to shut down the economy.
Yeah, the question isn't about ticks of GDP growth. It's about unemployment being higher than anything in US history.
We didn't have a strong economy prior to COVID-19. Real GDP growth of 2% isn't strong... And that growth rate was based on running Trillion deficits, Fed cutting interest rates and buying $500+ billion of assets (i.e., QE). @ PeterSchiff
Honestly, if one’s math suggests a -3 degree difference in the global climate will result in a loss of GDP of 3.5%, while the geologic record puts New York under a kilometre of glacier at that difference, the model is fatally flawed.
The financialization of the economy means the amount of debt tomorrow must always exceed the amount of debt yesterday, and the GDP must increase at least half as fast as debt is growing so you can pretend walking forwards on a backwards train is moving forwards.
GDP under this Administration We were promised 4% pic.twitter.com/M3k3mH7MTD
So liberty is worth nothing to you? Get fucked. And this isn't about GDP. Couldn't care less about endless economic growth.
Except the numbers don't bare that out Here's the stats for the depression After the crash in 29, Unemployment rose from 3.2% to 24.9% in 1933 the year of the new deal. GDP was negative to a low of -12.9% Inflation also Negative to -10.3% ---Continued
Exactly. It’s more so how many orders of magnitude is it off by. If GDP is 18% overestimated I can only imagine the underestimation on a social fabric event like this
Last week you were attacking the government for not doing enough. You complained about them only caring about GDP not our lives
Without the vital service hotels provide in facilitating business travel, tourism, and strengthening local economies, the US could potentially lose $300 to $600 billion of GDP. @ SheppardMullin reports. https://buff.ly/3afcgWo # COVIDpic.twitter.com/gh04DRngoj
Expect an economic Depression at-least twice as bad as 1929! Experts Warn Of A Sudden Economic Collapse: Be Ready # finance # banking # economy # GDP # coronavirus https://youtu.be/tQsTrvBo7Mw via @ YouTube
It's actually not our best economic indicator. GDP growth and unemployment are, the stock market is malleable, open to shocks that don't penetrate other parts of the economy, and are speculative estimates of value, not true growth or value in a market.
oh wait, y'all gave them a tax break and they pocketed the money and bought back their stock to increase the share value. It didn't do anything to increase GDP but it DID add $1 TRILLION to the US national debt. facts matter ASSHAT.
Hey @ johninsc1 do you think he will admit I am right and apologize for the name calling? He is probably off researching an answer for my GDP question. Here is what they consumed in 2018. Defense 3.1%. Entitlements 12.5%. (of GDP)
I'm not a doctor either (or an economist) but it strikes me that it's hard to hold a job or contribute to the GDP if you're dead. https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/22/health/coronavirus-restrictions-us.html …
I also do this for living. And for the past 12 years, I have taught thousands of others to, too. Unemployment will be above +10% and GDP down at least -10%. Earnings are about worst on record. We are in unchartered territory. Technicals are useless in this market.
China’s gdp growth was 8 a year for decades too https://twitter.com/octonion/status/1242204119491842049 …
Hitting SNOOZE on the pandemic two more weeks of GDP growth
"The biggest economic hit on record: Goldman Sachs says coronavirus will inflict a staggering 24% quarterly drop in American GDP, more than double the biggest plunge ever recorded" https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8135947/US-coronavirus-Goldman-Sachs-forecasts-staggering-24-drop-Q2-GDP.html?ITO=applenews …
It hasn't been long enough to start everything back up again. Our parents and grandparents will suffer if we go back to worshipping the GDP too early.
I will now run all statistics I generate through a rigorous filter that asks whether they are 5x GDP.
Don't you think some of the lost GDP during the 3 week lockdown will be recovered in the period after ?
All those tweets from you over the years about healthcare and GDP growth are now coming true But in such a twisted and bizarre way right @ barttels2 ?
Slovenia sees 2020 GDP down by up to 8% due to coronavirus https://reut.rs/3aeyx6I
One big problem is that the Fed backed off rate increases and offloading their balance sheet, sent a clear message to the markets that GDP growth is something they’ll protect and not just work on inflation.
He’s going to do this. He’ll ignore Fauci, end the lockdown, and stage a big America’s Open for Business rally. All this hand-waving about GDP and death’s dominion is just foreplay. What a disaster.
Yeah, though I think much of the problem is framing... Article would be a lot more well received if it just positioned itself as saying there isn't a GDP case full stop, even if you're a sociopath, here's why. It's glaring there's no accounting for sickness, grieving and misery.
I regret that I have but one life to give for our next quarter GDP.
I think it would be largely pointless only America spends crazy amounts in direct military spending I think only a handful of European countries meet the NATO 3% of GDP on military spending.
Yep. It’s his new “GDP and re-election is more important than human lives, so let’s wrap this all up in two weeks” thing.
I’ve seen two tweets by notable financiers. One was @ lloydblankfein and I forget the other. They both said something to the effect of: “I would love to see all people be healthy. But the GDP is dropping, so we must make people come back to work before it is safe to do so.”
The fact that our politicians want us to get back to work despite at risk of getting sick is amazing. They would rather see millions of Americans get sick than see the GDP and stock market plummet any lower.
Frydenberg, Coronavirus Our response, totalling $189 billion, or around 10 per cent of GDP http://dlvr.it/RSQx37
Is a GDP of 2.17% (30% down from 1st qtr 3.1% per Morgan Stanley) really bad enough to risk warranting a large number of possible deaths?
Yeah, his polls are declining and i-banks are forecasting up to a 30% decline in GDP for the 2nd qtr. All Trump cares about is getting re-elected.
Hello guys What’s Per Capita GDP of Nigeria and Ghana just curious
